Now in the well were some frogs, so the elder sister said: "Sister, do you see these frogs?
The name of the Rajah you are about to marry is Dhuddoo, or Frog, and you think that he is a man, but he is, in reality, a frog."
This so alarmed Soorthe that she wrote at once to the Rajah to say she would not marry him, and he replied that he accepted her letter and would marry elsewhere; but he was vexed at the letter, and took good care to come in a grand procession which passed beneath the windows of the Princess.
She did not know it was her former lover passing by, and asked which man in the procession was the Rajah; thus was it explained to her who he really was, and how her elder sister had deceived her, and as she caught sight of him she foolishly thought he had come back for her; so she let herself down with ropes from her window: but only to fall into the hands of some thieves, who took her away, and left her in the forest, where she was found by a Dhobie, or washerman, who sold her to a dancing girl.
This woman taught Soorthe to dance; and, hearing that a Rajah in the vicinity was entertaining a guest, and giving a feast and a nautch, the two set out.
This Rajah was entertaining Soorthe's father, although she did not know of it, and when he recognised his own daughter, who had been brought up in strict purdah, dancing in public, like a common dancing girl, his wrath knew no bounds.
He ordered her nose to be cut off forthwith, and had her turned out of the kingdom.
Thus do the innocent sometimes fall victims to the deceit of others, and thus do they follow in the footsteps of evil associates.
THE SNAKE'S BRIDE 
There was once a Rajah, by name Bunsi Lall, who was charmed by a witch, turned into a snake, and lived under ground, but he constantly wished to go above ground and see the world.
So one day he ran away and made himself a house above ground.
Now, at this time there was a girl living in that place who had a very cruel stepmother, and this woman made her spend the whole day picking up sticks in the forest.
It was there the snake met her, and was struck with her beauty, and one day he said to her: "Sukkia, child of Dukhia (or the one who gives you pain), will you marry me?"

THE GOOD FAIRY 
SCENE I.
In the Wood 
The Good Fairy.
At last I am in this wood where I must save the Lady Alice from danger.
How dark it seems here after the bright light of my skyey home.
Surely I shall be glad to return to the courts of fairyland.
Yet it is pleasant to be of service to the young and innocent, to those who are good and true.
Some there are on earth who do not love the truth, who do not do the things that are honest and kind, and they must be punished.
Kind and gentle deeds must be rewarded with our help.
Here in this dark grove dwells Comus, an evil spirit, who loves not the good.
Here he finds the unlucky traveler and takes him to his court.
There he offers him food and a pleasant drink.
But in the glass is a potion which drives memory from the mind and makes one forget home and friends.

So you let me go again!"
Then the Alligator was very much vexed, but the Jackal had run away too far to be caught.
Next day the Jackal returned to the riverside to get his dinner as before; but because he was very much afraid of the Alligator he called out: "Whenever I go to look for my dinner, I see the nice little crabs peeping up through the mud; then I catch them and eat them.
I wish I could see one now."
The Alligator, who was buried in the mud at the bottom of the river, heard every word.
So he popped the little point of his snout above it, thinking: "If I do but just show the tip of my nose, the Jackal will take me for a crab and put in his paw to catch me, and as soon as ever he does I'll gobble him up."
But no sooner did the Jackal see the little tip of the Alligator's nose than he called out, "Aha, my friend!
there you are.
No dinner for me in this part of the river, then, I think."
And so saying, he ran farther on and fished for his dinner a long way from that place.
The Alligator was very angry at missing his prey a second time, and determined not to let him escape again.
So on the following day, when his little tormentor returned to the waterside, the Alligator hid himself close to the bank, in order to catch him if he could.

He took command under the historic elm at Cambridge.
He was dressed in a blue broadcloth coat with flaps and revers of same, trimmed with large beautiful buttons.
He also wore buff small-clothes, with openings at the sides where pockets are now put in, but at that time given up to space.
They were made in such a way as to prevent the naked eye from discovering at once whether he was in advance or retreat.
He also wore silk stockings and a cocked hat.
The lines of Dryden starting off "Mark his majestic fabric" were suggested by his appearance and general style.
He always dressed well and rode a good horse, but at Valley Forge frosted his feet severely, and could have drawn a pension, "but no," said he, "I can still work at light employment, like being President, and so I will not ask for a pension."
Each soldier had less than nine cartridges, but Washington managed to keep General Gage penned up in Boston, and, as Gage knew very few people there, it was a dull winter for him.
The boys of Boston had built snow hills on the Common, and used to slide down them to the ice below, but the British soldiers tore down their coasting-places and broke up the ice on the pond.
They stood it a long time, rebuilding their playground as often as it was torn down, until the spirit of American freedom could endure it no longer.
They then organized a committee consisting of eight boys who were noted for their great philosophical research, and with Charles Sumner Muzzy, the eloquent savant from Milk Street, as chairman, the committee started for General Gage's head-quarters, to confer with him regarding the matter.
In the picture Mr. Muzzy is seen addressing General Gage.

It is their way.
But we remain.
There were badgers here, I’ve been told, long before that same city ever came to be.
And now there are badgers here again.
We are an enduring lot, and we may move out for a time, but we wait, and are patient, and back we come.
And so it will ever be.’
‘Well, and when they went at last, those people?’ said the Mole.
‘When they went,’ continued the Badger, ‘the strong winds and persistent rains took the matter in hand, patiently, ceaselessly, year after year.
Perhaps we badgers too, in our small way, helped a little who knows?
It was all down, down, down, gradually ruin and levelling and disappearance.
Then it was all up, up, up, gradually, as seeds grew to saplings, and saplings to forest trees, and bramble and fern came creeping in to help.
Leaf-mould rose and obliterated, streams in their winter freshets brought sand and soil to clog and to cover, and in course of time our home was ready for us again, and we moved in.
Up above us, on the surface, the same thing happened.

"I'd give a thousand pounds to anyone who could keep that giant out of the town.
I know what he eats by his teeth."
No one seemed to know what to do.
But Johnnie and Tina were listening, and they looked at each other, and ran off as fast as their boots would carry them.
They ran through the forge, and down the dungeon steps, and knocked at the iron door.
"Who's there?"
said the dragon.
"It's only us," said the children.
And the dragon was so dull from having been alone for ten years that he said: "Come in, dears."
"You won't hurt us, or breathe fire at us or anything?"
asked Tina.
And the dragon said, "Not for worlds."

it must be, he’s lost his tiller.”
As an overladen Indiaman bearing down the Hindostan coast with a deck load of frightened horses, careens, buries, rolls, and wallows on her way; so did this old whale heave his aged bulk, and now and then partly turning over on his cumbrous rib-ends, expose the cause of his devious wake in the unnatural stump of his starboard fin.
Whether he had lost that fin in battle, or had been born without it, it were hard to say.
“Only wait a bit, old chap, and I’ll give ye a sling for that wounded arm,” cried cruel Flask, pointing to the whale-line near him.
“Mind he don’t sling thee with it,” cried Starbuck.
“Give way, or the German will have him.”
With one intent all the combined rival boats were pointed for this one fish, because not only was he the largest, and therefore the most valuable whale, but he was nearest to them, and the other whales were going with such great velocity, moreover, as almost to defy pursuit for the time.
At this juncture the Pequod’s keels had shot by the three German boats last lowered; but from the great start he had had, Derick’s boat still led the chase, though every moment neared by his foreign rivals.
The only thing they feared, was, that from being already so nigh to his mark, he would be enabled to dart his iron before they could completely overtake and pass him.
As for Derick, he seemed quite confident that this would be the case, and occasionally with a deriding gesture shook his lamp-feeder at the other boats.
“The ungracious and ungrateful dog!” cried Starbuck; “he mocks and dares me with the very poor-box I filled for him not five minutes ago!”—then in his old intense whisper—“Give way, greyhounds!
Dog to it!”
“I tell ye what it is, men”—cried Stubb to his crew—“it’s against my religion to get mad; but I’d like to eat that villainous Yarman—Pull—won’t ye?
Are ye going to let that rascal beat ye?
Do ye love brandy?

"It's dreadfully damp in the woods," he explained.
"By the way, you don't happen to know the Whitleys, of Washington, do you?
Most excellent people."
"I'm quite sorry that I do not," she replied.
"But you will have to excuse me.
We shall be kept very busy with arranging our apartments."
Ralph sprang to his feet with a ludicrous expression.
"Not the second floor front suite!"
he exclaimed.
"Oh, no!
Not at all," she reassured him.
He laughed lightly.

Then he went to the pastures, but put a great rock on the mouth of the cave just as a man puts down the lid on his quiver of arrows.
All that day the wise Ulysses was thinking what he might best do to save himself and his companions, and the end of his thinking was this.
There was a mighty pole in the cave, green wood of an olive tree as big as a ship's mast, which the giant proposed to use as a walking staff.
Ulysses broke off a fathom's length of this and his companions pointed it and hardened it in the fire.
Then they hid it away.
At evening the giant came back, drove his flocks into the cave, fastened the door and made his cruel feast as before.
Then Ulysses came forward with the skin of crushed grapes in his hand and said:
"Drink, Cyclops, now that you have feasted.
Drink and see what a strange draught we had in our ship."
So the Cyclops drank, and was greatly pleased.
"Give me more," he demanded.
"In good truth this is a strange draught.
We, too, have vines but they do not yield any juices like this, which indeed must be such as the gods drink."

"Watch and pray, dear, never get tired of trying, and never think it is impossible to conquer your fault," said Mrs. March, drawing the blowzy head to her shoulder and kissing the wet cheek so tenderly that Jo cried even harder.
"You don't know, you can't guess how bad it is!
It seems as if I could do anything when I'm in a passion.
I get so savage, I could hurt anyone and enjoy it.
I'm afraid I shall do something dreadful some day, and spoil my life, and make everybody hate me.
Oh, Mother, help me, do help me!"
"I will, my child, I will.
Don't cry so bitterly, but remember this day, and resolve with all your soul that you will never know another like it.
Jo, dear, we all have our temptations, some far greater than yours, and it often takes us all our lives to conquer them.
You think your temper is the worst in the world, but mine used to be just like it."
"Yours, Mother?
Why, you are never angry!"

I bring the thunder and the lightning, and I cleave the dark clouds with my rapid flashes.
I glory in a storm, for Thor, the god of thunder, has chosen me for his day, and I bear his name.
A life of ease and quiet has no charms for me.
I like the din and crash of war, the noise and hurry of business.
The fury of the heavens, the crash of falling trees, the roaring of waters, what can give greater pleasure?
Business thrives on Thursday.
Men rush to and fro, buying and selling, building great houses, digging in the mines, and sailing the seas.
Life and action are my delight.
Hurrah for Thor's day!
Friday.
After the bustle and work of the week I come to clean and settle all disturbances.
Now dirt and dust must disappear under the broom and brush.

"I don't think secrets agree with me, I feel rumpled up in my mind since you told me that," said Jo rather ungratefully.
"Race down this hill with me, and you'll be all right," suggested Laurie.
No one was in sight, the smooth road sloped invitingly before her, and finding the temptation irresistible, Jo darted away, soon leaving hat and comb behind her and scattering hairpins as she ran.
Laurie reached the goal first and was quite satisfied with the success of his treatment, for his Atlanta came panting up with flying hair, bright eyes, ruddy cheeks, and no signs of dissatisfaction in her face.
"I wish I was a horse, then I could run for miles in this splendid air, and not lose my breath.
It was capital, but see what a guy it's made me.
Go, pick up my things, like a cherub, as you are," said Jo, dropping down under a maple tree, which was carpeting the bank with crimson leaves.
Laurie leisurely departed to recover the lost property, and Jo bundled up her braids, hoping no one would pass by till she was tidy again.
But someone did pass, and who should it be but Meg, looking particularly ladylike in her state and festival suit, for she had been making calls.
"What in the world are you doing here?"
she asked, regarding her disheveled sister with well-bred surprise.
"Getting leaves," meekly answered Jo, sorting the rosy handful she had just swept up.

My soul is more than matched; she’s overmanned; and by a madman!
Insufferable sting, that sanity should ground arms on such a field!
But he drilled deep down, and blasted all my reason out of me!
I think I see his impious end; but feel that I must help him to it.
Will I, nill I, the ineffable thing has tied me to him; tows me with a cable I have no knife to cut.
Horrible old man!
Who’s over him, he cries;—aye, he would be a democrat to all above; look, how he lords it over all below!
Oh!
I plainly see my miserable office,—to obey, rebelling; and worse yet, to hate with touch of pity!
For in his eyes I read some lurid woe would shrivel me up, had I it.
Yet is there hope.
Time and tide flow wide.

So I did!
Oh, well, never mind that now.
So he bought a key that would open the door of that country yes, something like that thing I called a key and then he came to a place well, it was something like this place, Snow-white.
He wanted to be quiet, you see, for some time, before he went away.
He wanted to be alone, and think think gather up the threads and thoughts of his life and try to straighten them into something like an even skein.
Then, if he were allowed, if there should be any possibility that he might take them with him, he could say to his mother he could excuse himself he could tell her "
"Mark," said the child, "do you know what I think?"
The man started, and looked at her.
"What you think, Snow-white?"
"Yes!
I think you are talking puffick foolishness.
I don't know one word what you are saying, and I don't believe do you either."
"No more I do, Snow-white.

she crooned, kissing his funny head.
"Oh, I do love little animal things."
He was evidently glad to get to the fire, and when she sat down and held him on her knee he looked from her to Becky with mingled interest and appreciation.
"He IS plain-looking, miss, ain't he?"
said Becky.
"He looks like a very ugly baby," laughed Sara.
"I beg your pardon, monkey; but I'm glad you are not a baby.
Your mother COULDN'T be proud of you, and no one would dare to say you looked like any of your relations.
Oh, I do like you!"
She leaned back in her chair and reflected.
"Perhaps he's sorry he's so ugly," she said, "and it's always on his mind.
I wonder if he HAS a mind.

III 
While his brother was rubbing his eyes Tommy told him of his visit to the Old Owl in the grove.
"Is that all true?"
asked Johnny.
"It is all just as I tell you, and if we don't want to be boggarts, we must get up and go to work."
"I won't be a boggart," said Johnny, and so the two brownies crept softly down the ladder into the kitchen.
"I will light the fire,"
said Tommy.
"And you, Johnny, can dig some potatoes to roast for breakfast."
They swept the room and laid the table.
Just as they were putting the potatoes in a dish they heard footsteps.
"There's father," said Tommy; "we must run."
The poor tailor came wearily down the stairs.
Morning after morning he had found an untidy room and an empty table.

You you'll die, if you try, Joe, alone in the woods.
Oh, Joe!"
The look of hope that had never wholly left the woman's eyes was slowly fading out.
"We'll all die if I don't try, Nannie.
I'm  "
"Huh!"
suddenly exclaimed the old woman, peering out of the little window.
"Heap men, heap horses!
Look, see 'em come!"
Bennett turned hastily, and saw a long line of stalwart men and sturdy horses threshing resolutely through the deep snow and heading directly for the shack.
He looked keenly at the men, and his face paled a little, but he said steadily, "It's the Beetle Ring men, Nan."
His wife gave a sharp cry.
"It's the horse, Joe!

Poor old fellow, he had not uttered one word of surprise, complaint, fear, or even acquiescence from the very beginning of our troubles till now, when we had laid him down in the log-house to die.
He had lain like a Trojan behind his mattress in the gallery; he had followed every order silently, doggedly, and well; he was the oldest of our party by a score of years; and now, sullen, old, serviceable servant, it was he that was to die.
The squire dropped down beside him on his knees and kissed his hand, crying like a child.
“Be I going, doctor?” he asked.
“Tom, my man,” said I, “you're going home.”
“I wish I had had a lick at them with the gun first,” he replied.
“Tom,” said the squire, “say you forgive me, won't you?”
“Would that be respectful like, from me to you, squire?” was the answer.
“Howsoever, so be it, amen!”
After a little while of silence, he said he thought somebody might read a prayer.
“It's the custom, sir,” he added apologetically.
And not long after, without another word, he passed away.
In the meantime the captain, whom I had observed to be wonderfully swollen about the chest and pockets, had turned out a great many various stores the British colours, a Bible, a coil of stoutish rope, pen, ink, the log-book, and pounds of tobacco.
He had found a longish fir-tree lying felled and trimmed in the enclosure, and with the help of Hunter he had set it up at the corner of the log-house where the trunks crossed and made an angle.
Then, climbing on the roof, he had with his own hand bent and run up the colours.

Your bank-notes had a musty odour, as if they were fast decomposing into rags again.
Your plate was stowed away among the neighbouring cesspools, and evil communications corrupted its good polish in a day or two.
Your deeds got into extemporised strong-rooms made of kitchens and sculleries, and fretted all the fat out of their parchments into the banking-house air.
Your lighter boxes of family papers went up-stairs into a Barmecide room, that always had a great dining-table in it and never had a dinner, and where, even in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty, the first letters written to you by your old love, or by your little children, were but newly released from the horror of being ogled through the windows, by the heads exposed on Temple Bar with an insensate brutality and ferocity worthy of Abyssinia or Ashantee.
But indeed, at that time, putting to death was a recipe much in vogue with all trades and professions, and not least of all with Tellson's.
Death is Nature's remedy for all things, and why not Legislation's?
Accordingly, the forger was put to Death; the utterer of a bad note was put to Death; the unlawful opener of a letter was put to Death; the purloiner of forty shillings and sixpence was put to Death; the holder of a horse at Tellson's door, who made off with it, was put to Death; the coiner of a bad shilling was put to Death; the sounders of three-fourths of the notes in the whole gamut of Crime, were put to Death.
Not that it did the least good in the way of prevention it might almost have been worth remarking that the fact was exactly the reverse but, it cleared off (as to this world) the trouble of each particular case, and left nothing else connected with it to be looked after.
Thus, Tellson's, in its day, like greater places of business, its contemporaries, had taken so many lives, that, if the heads laid low before it had been ranged on Temple Bar instead of being privately disposed of, they would probably have excluded what little light the ground floor had, in a rather significant manner.
Cramped in all kinds of dim cupboards and hutches at Tellson's, the oldest of men carried on the business gravely.
When they took a young man into Tellson's London house, they hid him somewhere till he was old.
They kept him in a dark place, like a cheese, until he had the full Tellson flavour and blue-mould upon him.

But unfortunately the Dragon, who had only been asleep, woke up because it was Saturday, and he considered the Parliament, and afterwards there were not any Members left, so they tried to make a new Parliament, but being a member of Parliament had somehow grown as unpopular as soccer playing, and no one would consent to be elected, so they had to do without a Parliament.
When the next Saturday came around everyone was a little nervous, but the Red Dragon was pretty quiet that day and only ate an Orphanage.
Lionel was very, very unhappy.
He felt that it was his disobedience that had brought this trouble on the Parliament and the Orphanage and the Soccer Players, and he felt that it was his duty to try and do something.
The question was, what?
The Blue Bird that had come out of the book used to sing very nicely in the Palace rose garden, and the Butterfly was very tame, and would perch on his shoulder when he walked among the tall lilies: so Lionel saw that all the creatures in The Book of Beasts could not be wicked, like the Dragon, and he thought: "Suppose I could get another beast out who would fight the Dragon?"
So he took The Book of Beasts out into the rose garden and opened the page next to the one where the Dragon had been just a tiny bit to see what the name was.
He could only see "cora," but he felt the middle of the page swelling up thick with the creature that was trying to come out, and it was only by putting the book down and sitting on it suddenly, very hard, that he managed to get it shut.
Then he fastened the clasps with the rubies and turquoises in them and sent for the Chancellor, who had been ill since Saturday, and so had not been eaten with the rest of the Parliament, and he said: "What animal ends in 'cora'?"
The Chancellor answered: "The Manticora, of course."
"What is he like?"
asked the King.

"Then it is you who are my friend," she said; "it is you who are my friend!"
And she dropped her face on his thin hand and kissed it again and again.
"The man will be himself again in three weeks," Mr. Carmichael said aside to his wife.
"Look at his face already."
In fact, he did look changed.
Here was the "Little Missus," and he had new things to think of and plan for already.
In the first place, there was Miss Minchin.
She must be interviewed and told of the change which had taken place in the fortunes of her pupil.
Sara was not to return to the seminary at all.
The Indian gentleman was very determined upon that point.
She must remain where she was, and Mr. Carmichael should go and see Miss Minchin himself.
"I am glad I need not go back," said Sara.

“I do not show the soldiers that I recognise the tall man; he does not show the soldiers that he recognises me; we do it, and we know it, with our eyes.
'Come on!'
says the chief of that company, pointing to the village, 'bring him fast to his tomb!'
and they bring him faster.
I follow.
His arms are swelled because of being bound so tight, his wooden shoes are large and clumsy, and he is lame.
Because he is lame, and consequently slow, they drive him with their guns like this!”
He imitated the action of a man's being impelled forward by the butt-ends of muskets.
“As they descend the hill like madmen running a race, he falls.
They laugh and pick him up again.
His face is bleeding and covered with dust, but he cannot touch it; thereupon they laugh again.
They bring him into the village; all the village runs to look; they take him past the mill, and up to the prison; all the village sees the prison gate open in the darkness of the night, and swallow him like this!”
He opened his mouth as wide as he could, and shut it with a sounding snap of his teeth.
Observant of his unwillingness to mar the effect by opening it again, Defarge said, “Go on, Jacques.”
“All the village,” pursued the mender of roads, on tiptoe and in a low voice, “withdraws; all the village whispers by the fountain; all the village sleeps; all the village dreams of that unhappy one, within the locks and bars of the prison on the crag, and never to come out of it, except to perish.

'”
“Well,” said I, “I believe I understand.
You have something to propose, and you wish to see the squire or the doctor, and you're to be found where I found you.
Is that all?”
“And when?
says you,” he added.
“Why, from about noon observation to about six bells.”
“Good,” said I, “and now may I go?”
“You won't forget?” he inquired anxiously.
“Precious sight, and reasons of his own, says you.
Reasons of his own; that's the mainstay; as between man and man.
Well, then” still holding me “I reckon you can go, Jim.
And, Jim, if you was to see Silver, you wouldn't go for to sell Ben Gunn?
Wild horses wouldn't draw it from you?
No, says you.
And if them pirates camp ashore, Jim, what would you say but there'd be widders in the morning?”
Here he was interrupted by a loud report, and a cannonball came tearing through the trees and pitched in the sand not a hundred yards from where we two were talking.

O my!’
Late in the evening, tired and happy and miles from home, they drew up on a remote common far from habitations, turned the horse loose to graze, and ate their simple supper sitting on the grass by the side of the cart.
Toad talked big about all he was going to do in the days to come, while stars grew fuller and larger all around them, and a yellow moon, appearing suddenly and silently from nowhere in particular, came to keep them company and listen to their talk.
At last they turned in to their little bunks in the cart; and Toad, kicking out his legs, sleepily said, ‘Well, good night, you fellows!
This is the real life for a gentleman!
Talk about your old river!’
‘I DON’T talk about my river,’ replied the patient Rat.
‘You KNOW I don’t, Toad.
But I THINK about it,’ he added pathetically, in a lower tone: ‘I think about it all the time!’
The Mole reached out from under his blanket, felt for the Rat’s paw in the darkness, and gave it a squeeze.
‘I’ll do whatever you like, Ratty,’
he whispered.
‘Shall we run away to-morrow morning, quite early VERY early and go back to our dear old hole on the river?’
‘No, no, we’ll see it out,’ whispered back the Rat.
‘Thanks awfully, but I ought to stick by Toad till this trip is ended.
It wouldn’t be safe for him to be left to himself.
It won’t take very long.

One hundred thousand people lost their houses, and over seven and one-half millions of dollars were raised for those who needed it, all parts of the world uniting to improve the joyful opportunity to do good, without a doubt of its hearty appreciation.
Boston also had a seventy-million dollar fire in the heart of the wholesale trade, covering sixty acres; and in the prairie and woods fires of Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Michigan, many people lost not only their homes but their lives.
Fifteen hundred people perished in Wisconsin alone.
In 1871 the damage done by the Alabama, a British-built ship, and several other cruisers sent out partly to facilitate the cotton trade and partly to do a little fighting when a Federal vessel came that way, was assessed at fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars against Great Britain by the arbitrators who met at Geneva, Switzerland, and the northwestern boundary line between the United States and British America was settled by arbitration, the Emperor of Germany acting as arbitrator and deciding in favor of America.
This showed that people who have just wound up a big war have often learned some valuable sense; not two billion dollars' worth, perhaps, but some.
San Domingo was reported for sale, and a committee looked at it, priced it, etc., but Congress decided not to buy it.
The Liberal Republican party, or that element of the original party which was opposed to the administration, nominated Horace Greeley, of New York, while the old party renominated General Grant for the term to succeed himself.
The latter was elected, and Mr. Greeley did not long survive his defeat.
The Modoc Indians broke loose in the early part of Grant's second term, and, leaping from their lava-beds early in the morning, Shacknasty Jim and other unlaundried children of the forest raised merry future punishment, and the government, always kind, always loving and sweet toward the red brother, sent a peace commission with popcorn balls and a gentle-voiced parson to tell Shacknasty James and Old Stand-up-and-Sit-down that the white father at Washington loved them and wanted them all to come and spend the summer at his house, and also that by sin death came into the world, and that we were all primordial germs at first, and that we should look up, not down, look out, not in, look forward, not backward, and lend a hand.
It was at this moment that Early-to-Bed-and Early-to-Rise-Black Hawk and Shacknasty James, thinking that this thing had gone far enough, killed General Canby and wounded both Mr. Meacham and Rev.
Dr. Thomas, who had never had an unkind thought toward the Modocs in their lives.
The troops then allowed their ill temper to get the best of them, and asked the Modocs if they meant anything personal by their action, and, learning that they did, the soldiers did what with the proper authority they would have done at first, bombarded the children of the forest and mussed up their lava-beds so that they were glad to surrender.

He then shut himself up with six skilled jewelers, and endeavored to make such a gold and silver branch as he thought would satisfy the Princess as having come from the wonderful tree growing on Mount Horai.
Every one whom he had asked declared that Mount Horai belonged to the land of fable and not to fact.
When the branch was finished, he took his journey home and tried to make himself look as if he were wearied and worn out with travel.
He put the jeweled branch into a lacquer box and carried it to the bamboo-cutter, begging him to present it to the Princess.
The old man was quite deceived by the travel-stained appearance of the Knight, and thought that he had only just returned from his long journey with the branch.
So he tried to persuade the Princess to consent to see the man.
But she remained silent and looked very sad.
The old man began to take out the branch and praised it as a wonderful treasure to be found nowhere in the whole land.
Then he spoke of the Knight, how handsome and how brave he was to have undertaken a journey to so remote a place as the Mount of Horai.
Princess Moonlight took the branch in her hand and looked at it carefully.
She then told her foster-parent that she knew it was impossible for the man to have obtained a branch from the gold and silver tree growing on Mount Horai so quickly or so easily, and she was sorry to say she believed it artificial.
The old man then went out to the expectant Knight, who had now approached the house, and asked where he had found the branch.

The case of Jarndyce and Jarndyce drones on.
No man alive knows what it means.
It has passed into a joke.
It has been death to many, but it is a joke in the profession.
Mr. Kenge (of Kenge and Carboy, solicitors, Lincoln's Inn) first mentioned Jarndyce and Jarndyce to me, and told me that the costs already amounted to from sixty to seventy thousand pounds.
My godmother, who brought me up, was just dead, and Mr. Kenge came to tell me that Mr. Jarndyce proposed, knowing my desolate position, that I should go to a first-rate school, where my education should be completed and my comfort secured.
What did I say to this?
What could I say but accept the proposal thankfully?
I passed at this school six happy, quiet years, and then one day came a note from Kenge and Carboy, mentioning that their client, Mr. Jarndyce, being in the house, desired my services as an eligible companion to this young lady.
So I said good-bye to the school and went to London, and was driven to Mr. Kenge's office.
He was not altered, but he was surprised to see how altered I was, and appeared quite pleased.
"As you are going to be the companion of the young lady who is now in the Chancellor's private room, Miss Summerson," he said, "we thought it well that you should be in attendance also."

ho!
ho!
ho!” in the greatest anguish.
This awakened the hare, which in great alarm darted swiftly away.
When Master Schulz saw her thus flying from the field of battle, he cried in his joy.
“Quick, Veitli, quick, look there, look there, The monster’s nothing but a hare!”
But the Swabian allies went in search of further adventures, and came to the Moselle, a mossy, quiet, deep river, over which there are few bridges, and which in many places people have to cross in boats.
As the seven Swabians did not know this, they called to a man who was working on the opposite side of the river, to know how people contrived to get across.
The distance and their way of speaking made the man unable to understand what they wanted, and he said “What?
what?” in the way people speak in the neighborhood of Treves.
Master Schulz thought he was saying, “Wade, wade through the water,” and as he was the first, began to set out and went into the moselle.
It was not long before he sank in the mud and the deep waves which drove against him, but his hat was blown on the opposite shore by the wind, and a frog sat down beside it, and croaked “Wat, wat, wat.” The other six on the opposite side heard that, and said, “Oho, comrades, Master Schulz is calling us; if he can wade across, why cannot we?” So they all jumped into the water together in a great hurry, and were drowned, and thus one frog took the lives of all six of them, and not one of the Swabian allies ever reached home again.
120 The Three Apprentices 
There were once three apprentices, who had agreed to keep always together while travelling, and always to work in the same town.

There were two golden bands fastened to them that passed around the back of her head, where they were locked together by a little key that was at the end of a chain the Guardian of the Gates wore around his neck.
When they were on, Dorothy could not take them off had she wished, but of course she did not wish to be blinded by the glare of the Emerald City, so she said nothing.
Then the green man fitted spectacles for the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman and the Lion, and even on little Toto; and all were locked fast with the key.
Then the Guardian of the Gates put on his own glasses and told them he was ready to show them to the Palace.
Taking a big golden key from a peg on the wall, he opened another gate, and they all followed him through the portal into the streets of the Emerald City.
11.
The Wonderful City of Oz 
Even with eyes protected by the green spectacles, Dorothy and her friends were at first dazzled by the brilliancy of the wonderful City.
The streets were lined with beautiful houses all built of green marble and studded everywhere with sparkling emeralds.
They walked over a pavement of the same green marble, and where the blocks were joined together were rows of emeralds, set closely, and glittering in the brightness of the sun.
The window panes were of green glass; even the sky above the City had a green tint, and the rays of the sun were green.
There were many people men, women, and children walking about, and these were all dressed in green clothes and had greenish skins.
They looked at Dorothy and her strangely assorted company with wondering eyes, and the children all ran away and hid behind their mothers when they saw the Lion; but no one spoke to them.

Track the money!”
“Tom, we'll never find him.
A feller don't have only one chance for such a pile and that one's lost.
I'd feel mighty shaky if I was to see him, anyway.”
“Well, so'd I; but I'd like to see him, anyway and track him out to his Number Two.”
“Number Two yes, that's it.
I been thinking 'bout that.
But I can't make nothing out of it.
What do you reckon it is?”
“I dono.
It's too deep.
Say, Huck maybe it's the number of a house!”
“Goody!...
No, Tom, that ain't it.
If it is, it ain't in this one-horse town.
They ain't no numbers here.”
“Well, that's so.
Lemme think a minute.

Then she thought she mustn't do it for her Foster-mother's sake; but when the bad thought came the second time she could hold out no longer; come what might, she must and would look into the room; so she just opened the door a tiny bit, when POP!
out flew the Sun.
But when her Foster-mother came back and saw that the sun had flown away, she was cut to the heart, and said, "Now, there was no help for it, the Lassie must and should go away; she couldn't hear of her staying any longer."
Now the Lassie cried her eyes out, and begged and prayed so prettily; but it was all no good.
"Nay!
but I must punish you!"
said her Foster-mother; "but you may have your choice, either to be the loveliest woman in the world, and not to be able to speak, or to keep your speech, and to be the ugliest of all women; but away from me you must go."
And the Lassie said, "I would sooner be lovely."
So she became all at once wondrous fair; but from that day forth she was dumb.
So, when she went away from her Foster-mother, she walked and wandered through a great, great wood; but the farther she went, the farther off the end seemed to be.
So, when the evening came on, she clomb up into a tall tree, which grew over a spring, and there she made herself up to sleep that night.
Close by lay a castle, and from that castle came early every morning a maid to draw water to make the Prince's tea, from the spring over which the Lassie was sitting.

exclaimed Perseus, with the tears again standing in his eyes.
"And, besides, what would my dear mother do, if her beloved son were turned into a stone?"
"Well, well, let us hope that the affair will not turn out so very badly," replied Quicksilver, in an encouraging tone.
"I am the very person to help you, if anybody can.
My sister and myself will do our utmost to bring you safe through the adventure, ugly as it now looks."
"Your sister?"
repeated Perseus.
"Yes, my sister," said the stranger.
"She is very wise, I promise you; and as for myself, I generally have all my wits about me, such as they are.
If you show yourself bold and cautious, and follow our advice, you need not fear being a stone image yet awhile.
But, first of all, you must polish your shield, till you can see your face in it as distinctly as in a mirror."
This seemed to Perseus rather an odd beginning of the adventure; for he thought it of far more consequence that the shield should be strong enough to defend him from the Gorgon's brazen claws, than that it should be bright enough to show him the reflection of his face.

This, she knew, was the home of her old friend Nick Chopper the Tin Woodman, Emperor of the Winkies.
Dorothy found herself wondering what the kind-hearted Nick Chopper would say if he could know that at this moment his dear friends were being carried high in the air over his castle, prisoners of two giant black birds!
But there was no use speculating in this fashion.
The Tin Woodman was powerless to aid them, even if he had known their plight.
With a start Dorothy realized that the birds had crossed the border of Oz and were now flying over the Deadly Desert.
The fact that they had left the Land of Oz behind them disturbed Dorothy greatly.
Yet the little girl did not give way to fright.
She had experienced so many strange and sometimes dangerous adventures in her lifetime, that she had wisely learned never to despair.
The journey over the desert seemed endless.
Despite the great height at which the birds flew, Dorothy was beginning to feel faint and ill from the evil fumes of the sands by the time they reached the border of the Land of the Phanfasms.
However, once past the desert, she was revived by the fresh air.
Where were these great birds taking them?

“I only want to know, Mr. Hippolyte excuse me, I forget your surname.”
“Mr.
Terentieff,” said the prince.
“Oh yes, Mr. Terentieff.
Thank you prince.
I heard it just now, but had forgotten it.
I want to know, Mr. Terentieff, if what I have heard about you is true.
It seems you are convinced that if you could speak to the people from a window for a quarter of an hour, you could make them all adopt your views and follow you?”
“I may have said so,” answered Hippolyte, as if trying to remember.
“Yes, I certainly said so,” he continued with sudden animation, fixing an unflinching glance on his questioner.
“What of it?”
“Nothing.
I was only seeking further information, to put the finishing touch.”
Evgenie Pavlovitch was silent, but Hippolyte kept his eyes fixed upon him, waiting impatiently for more.
“Well, have you finished?” said Lizabetha Prokofievna to Evgenie.
“Make haste, sir; it is time he went to bed.

Only one poor old woman lived in the house, and when Putraka knocked and asked if he might come in, she said "Yes" at once.
He gave her some money, and told her he would like to live with her, if she would let him do so.
She was only too glad to consent, for she was very lonely; and the two lived happily together for a long time.
21.
Do you think that if Putraka had flown home on his wonderful shoes, taking his staff and bowl with him, his, father and uncles would still have tried to kill him?
22.
How could Putraka have prevented them from doing him harm if he had returned to his home?
The old woman grew very fond of Putraka, caring for him and waiting on him as if he had been her own son.
She was so anxious that he should be happy that she became afraid he would become tired of living alone with her.
So she said to him one day: "My dear adopted son, you ought to have a wife to keep you company.
I know the very one for you, the only one really worthy of you.
She is a princess, and her name is Patala.

He could not have done better, for, on his arrival, he was met with the information that His Highness had called to see him shortly after he had left, and was now waiting in the morning-room.
The sound of footsteps came to Mr. Scobell's ears as he approached the room.
His Highness appeared to be pacing the floor like a caged animal at the luncheon hour.
The resemblance was heightened by the expression in the royal eye as His Highness swung round at the opening of the door and faced the financier.
"Why, say, Prince," said Mr. Scobell, "this is lucky.
I been looking for you.
I just been to the Palace, and the main guy there told me you had gone out."
"I did.
And I met your stepdaughter."
Mr. Scobell was astonished.
Fate was certainly smoothing his way if it arranged meetings between Betty and the Prince before he had time to do it himself.
There might be no need for the iron hand after all.

“Give way, men,” whispered Starbuck, drawing still further aft the sheet of his sail; “there is time to kill a fish yet before the squall comes.
There’s white water again!—close to!
Spring!”
Soon after, two cries in quick succession on each side of us denoted that the other boats had got fast; but hardly were they overheard, when with a lightning-like hurtling whisper Starbuck said: “Stand up!” and Queequeg, harpoon in hand, sprang to his feet.
Though not one of the oarsmen was then facing the life and death peril so close to them ahead, yet with their eyes on the intense countenance of the mate in the stern of the boat, they knew that the imminent instant had come; they heard, too, an enormous wallowing sound as of fifty elephants stirring in their litter.
Meanwhile the boat was still booming through the mist, the waves curling and hissing around us like the erected crests of enraged serpents.
“That’s his hump.
There, there, give it to him!” whispered Starbuck.
A short rushing sound leaped out of the boat; it was the darted iron of Queequeg.
Then all in one welded commotion came an invisible push from astern, while forward the boat seemed striking on a ledge; the sail collapsed and exploded; a gush of scalding vapor shot up near by; something rolled and tumbled like an earthquake beneath us.
The whole crew were half suffocated as they were tossed helter-skelter into the white curdling cream of the squall.
Squall, whale, and harpoon had all blended together; and the whale, merely grazed by the iron, escaped.
Though completely swamped, the boat was nearly unharmed.

Yet these people were clothed in pleasant fabrics that must at times need renewal, and their sandals, though undecorated, were fairly complex specimens of metalwork.
Somehow such things must be made.
And the little people displayed no vestige of a creative tendency.
There were no shops, no workshops, no sign of importations among them.
They spent all their time in playing gently, in bathing in the river, in making love in a half-playful fashion, in eating fruit and sleeping.
I could not see how things were kept going.
“Then, again, about the Time Machine: something, I knew not what, had taken it into the hollow pedestal of the White Sphinx.
Why?
For the life of me I could not imagine.
Those waterless wells, too, those flickering pillars.
I felt I lacked a clue.
I felt—how shall I put it?

"Yes, indeed," answered the tortoise, "and don't you think we have come very quickly?"
And while he was speaking the tortoise reached the side of the gate.
"And here we are, and you must please walk from here."
The tortoise now went in front, and speaking to the gatekeeper, said:
"This is Urashima Taro, from the country of Japan.
I have had the honor of bringing him as a visitor to this kingdom.
Please show him the way."
Then the gatekeeper, who was a fish, at once led the way through the gate before them.
The red bream, the flounder, the sole, the cuttlefish, and all the chief vassals of the Dragon King of the Sea now came out with courtly bows to welcome the stranger.
"Urashima Sama, Urashima Sama!
welcome to the Sea Palace, the home of the Dragon King of the Sea.
Thrice welcome are you, having come from such a distant country.
And you, Mr. Tortoise, we are greatly indebted to you for all your trouble in bringing Urashima here."

As they stared blankly in dumb misery deepening as they slowly realised all they had seen and all they had lost, a capricious little breeze, dancing up from the surface of the water, tossed the aspens, shook the dewy roses and blew lightly and caressingly in their faces; and with its soft touch came instant oblivion.
For this is the last best gift that the kindly demi-god is careful to bestow on those to whom he has revealed himself in their helping: the gift of forgetfulness.
Lest the awful remembrance should remain and grow, and overshadow mirth and pleasure, and the great haunting memory should spoil all the after-lives of little animals helped out of difficulties, in order that they should be happy and lighthearted as before.
Mole rubbed his eyes and stared at Rat, who was looking about him in a puzzled sort of way.
‘I beg your pardon; what did you say, Rat?’ he asked.
‘I think I was only remarking,’ said Rat slowly, ‘that this was the right sort of place, and that here, if anywhere, we should find him.
And look!
Why, there he is, the little fellow!’ And with a cry of delight he ran towards the slumbering Portly.
But Mole stood still a moment, held in thought.
As one wakened suddenly from a beautiful dream, who struggles to recall it, and can re-capture nothing but a dim sense of the beauty of it, the beauty!
Till that, too, fades away in its turn, and the dreamer bitterly accepts the hard, cold waking and all its penalties; so Mole, after struggling with his memory for a brief space, shook his head sadly and followed the Rat.
Portly woke up with a joyous squeak, and wriggled with pleasure at the sight of his father’s friends, who had played with him so often in past days.

After a while the sovereign prince called his three sons and said to them:
"Have each of your wives bake a loaf of bread by to-morrow morning."
Ivan returned home.
There was no smile on his face, and his brow was clouded.
"C-R-O-A-K!
C-R-O-A-K!
Dear husband of mine, Tsarevitch Ivan, why so sad?"
gently asked the frog.
"Was there anything disagreeable in the palace?"
"Disagreeable indeed," answered Ivan Tsarevitch; "the Tsar, my father, wants you to bake a loaf of white bread by to-morrow."
"Do not worry, Tsarevitch.
Go to bed; the morning hour is a better adviser than the dark evening."
The Tsarevitch, taking his wife's advice, went to sleep.

She had to remember things quickly when she laid her book on the window-seat and jumped down from her comfortable corner.
Lottie had been sliding across the schoolroom floor, and, having first irritated Lavinia and Jessie by making a noise, had ended by falling down and hurting her fat knee.
She was screaming and dancing up and down in the midst of a group of friends and enemies, who were alternately coaxing and scolding her.
"Stop this minute, you cry-baby!
Stop this minute!"
Lavinia commanded.
"I'm not a cry-baby ...
I'm not!"
wailed Lottie.
"Sara, Sa ra!"
"If she doesn't stop, Miss Minchin will hear her," cried Jessie.
"Lottie darling, I'll give you a penny!"

“If, without disturbing him,” she said, raising her hand to Mr. Lorry as he stooped over them, after repeated blowings of his nose, “all could be arranged for our leaving Paris at once, so that, from the very door, he could be taken away ”
“But, consider.
Is he fit for the journey?” asked Mr. Lorry.
“More fit for that, I think, than to remain in this city, so dreadful to him.”
“It is true,” said Defarge, who was kneeling to look on and hear.
“More than that; Monsieur Manette is, for all reasons, best out of France.
Say, shall I hire a carriage and post-horses?”
“That's business,” said Mr. Lorry, resuming on the shortest notice his methodical manners; “and if business is to be done, I had better do it.”
“Then be so kind,” urged Miss Manette, “as to leave us here.
You see how composed he has become, and you cannot be afraid to leave him with me now.
Why should you be?
If you will lock the door to secure us from interruption, I do not doubt that you will find him, when you come back, as quiet as you leave him.
In any case, I will take care of him until you return, and then we will remove him straight.”
Both Mr. Lorry and Defarge were rather disinclined to this course, and in favour of one of them remaining.
But, as there were not only carriage and horses to be seen to, but travelling papers; and as time pressed, for the day was drawing to an end, it came at last to their hastily dividing the business that was necessary to be done, and hurrying away to do it.
Then, as the darkness closed in, the daughter laid her head down on the hard ground close at the father's side, and watched him.
The darkness deepened and deepened, and they both lay quiet, until a light gleamed through the chinks in the wall.

After this the magpie took some twigs and twined them round the outside.
“The very thing!” said the sparrow, and off he went; so sparrows make rather slovenly nests to this day.
Well, then Madge Magpie took some feathers and stuff and lined the nest very comfortably with it.
“That suits me,” cried the starling, and off it flew; and very comfortable nests have starlings.
So it went on, every bird taking away some knowledge of how to build nests, but, none of them waiting to the end.
Meanwhile Madge Magpie went on working and working without, looking up till the only bird that remained was the turtle-dove, and that hadn't paid any attention all along, but only kept on saying its silly cry “Take two, Taffy, take two-o-o-o.”
At last the magpie heard this just as she was putting a twig across.
So she said: “One's enough.”
But the turtle-dove kept on saying: “Take two, Taffy, take two-o-o-o.”
Then the magpie got angry and said: “One's enough I tell you.”
Still the turtle-dove cried: “Take two, Taffy, take two-o-o-o.”
At last, and at last, the magpie looked up and saw nobody near her but the silly turtle-dove, and then she got rare angry and flew away and refused to tell the birds how to build nests again.
And that is why different birds build their nests differently.
KATE CRACKERNUTS 
Once upon a time there was a king and a queen, as in many lands have been.
The king had a daughter, Anne, and the queen had one named Kate, but Anne was far bonnier than the queen's daughter, though they loved one another like real sisters.
The queen was jealous of the king's daughter being bonnier than her own, and cast about to spoil her beauty.
So she took counsel of the henwife, who told her to send the lassie to her next morning fasting.

Well, well, many people do.
We all have these curious likes and dislikes.
It is these clashings of personal taste which constitute what we call life.
Yes.
You were saying?"
Mr. Renshaw wrinkled his forehead.
"I have forgotten what I intended to say," he said querulously.
"You have driven it out of my head."
Smith clicked his tongue sympathetically.
Mr. Renshaw looked at his watch.
"Dear me," he said, "I must be going.
I shall miss my train.

When the princesses saw him they fainted.
Hereupon the King was angry, and ordered him to be put in prison at once, because he thought he must have done some injury to the children.
When the princesses came to themselves, however, they entreated the King to set him free again.
The King asked why, and they said that they were not allowed to tell that, but their father said that they were to tell it to the stove.
And he went out, listened at the door, and heard everything.
Then he caused the two brothers to be hanged on the gallows, and to the third he gave his youngest daughter, and on that occasion I wore a pair of glass shoes, and I struck them against a stone, and they said, “Klink,” and were broken.
92 The King of the Golden Mountain 
There was a certain merchant who had two children, a boy and a girl; they were both young, and could not walk.
And two richly-laden ships of his sailed forth to sea with all his property on board, and just as he was expecting to win much money by them, news came that they had gone to the bottom, and now instead of being a rich man he was a poor one, and had nothing left but one field outside the town.
In order to drive his misfortune a little out of his thoughts, he went out to this field, and as he was walking forwards and backwards in it, a little black mannikin stood suddenly by his side, and asked why he was so sad, and what he was taking so much to heart.
Then said the merchant, “If thou couldst help me I would willingly tell thee.” “Who knows?” replied the black dwarf.
“Perhaps, I can help thee.” Then the merchant told him that all he possessed had gone to the bottom of the sea, and that he had nothing left but this field.
“Do not trouble thyself,” said the dwarf.

Imagine to yourself, my dear Elinor, the delight of a gallop on some of these downs."
Most unwilling was she to awaken from such a dream of felicity to comprehend all the unhappy truths which attended the affair; and for some time she refused to submit to them.
As to an additional servant, the expense would be a trifle; Mama she was sure would never object to it; and any horse would do for HIM; he might always get one at the park; as to a stable, the merest shed would be sufficient.
Elinor then ventured to doubt the propriety of her receiving such a present from a man so little, or at least so lately known to her.
This was too much.
"You are mistaken, Elinor," said she warmly, "in supposing I know very little of Willoughby.
I have not known him long indeed, but I am much better acquainted with him, than I am with any other creature in the world, except yourself and mama.
It is not time or opportunity that is to determine intimacy; it is disposition alone.
Seven years would be insufficient to make some people acquainted with each other, and seven days are more than enough for others.
I should hold myself guilty of greater impropriety in accepting a horse from my brother, than from Willoughby.
Of John I know very little, though we have lived together for years; but of Willoughby my judgment has long been formed."
Elinor thought it wisest to touch that point no more.

“Hast seen the White Whale?”
“See you this?” and withdrawing it from the folds that had hidden it, he held up a white arm of sperm whale bone, terminating in a wooden head like a mallet.
“Man my boat!” cried Ahab, impetuously, and tossing about the oars near him—“Stand by to lower!”
In less than a minute, without quitting his little craft, he and his crew were dropped to the water, and were soon alongside of the stranger.
But here a curious difficulty presented itself.
In the excitement of the moment, Ahab had forgotten that since the loss of his leg he had never once stepped on board of any vessel at sea but his own, and then it was always by an ingenious and very handy mechanical contrivance peculiar to the Pequod, and a thing not to be rigged and shipped in any other vessel at a moment’s warning.
Now, it is no very easy matter for anybody—except those who are almost hourly used to it, like whalemen—to clamber up a ship’s side from a boat on the open sea; for the great swells now lift the boat high up towards the bulwarks, and then instantaneously drop it half way down to the kelson.
So, deprived of one leg, and the strange ship of course being altogether unsupplied with the kindly invention, Ahab now found himself abjectly reduced to a clumsy landsman again; hopelessly eyeing the uncertain changeful height he could hardly hope to attain.
It has before been hinted, perhaps, that every little untoward circumstance that befell him, and which indirectly sprang from his luckless mishap, almost invariably irritated or exasperated Ahab.
And in the present instance, all this was heightened by the sight of the two officers of the strange ship, leaning over the side, by the perpendicular ladder of nailed cleets there, and swinging towards him a pair of tastefully-ornamented man-ropes; for at first they did not seem to bethink them that a one-legged man must be too much of a cripple to use their sea bannisters.
But this awkwardness only lasted a minute, because the strange captain, observing at a glance how affairs stood, cried out, “I see, I see!—avast heaving there!
Jump, boys, and swing over the cutting-tackle.”
As good luck would have it, they had had a whale alongside a day or two previous, and the great tackles were still aloft, and the massive curved blubber-hook, now clean and dry, was still attached to the end.
This was quickly lowered to Ahab, who at once comprehending it all, slid his solitary thigh into the curve of the hook (it was like sitting in the fluke of an anchor, or the crotch of an apple tree), and then giving the word, held himself fast, and at the same time also helped to hoist his own weight, by pulling hand-over-hand upon one of the running parts of the tackle.
Soon he was carefully swung inside the high bulwarks, and gently landed upon the capstan head.

Watch and ward him with all thy skill; and mark thee well, greybeard, should aught untoward befall, thy old head shall answer for his and a murrain on both of them!’
The gaoler nodded grimly, laying his withered hand on the shoulder of the miserable Toad.
The rusty key creaked in the lock, the great door clanged behind them; and Toad was a helpless prisoner in the remotest dungeon of the best-guarded keep of the stoutest castle in all the length and breadth of Merry England.
VII.
THE PIPER AT THE GATES OF DAWN 
The Willow-Wren was twittering his thin little song, hidden himself in the dark selvedge of the river bank.
Though it was past ten o’clock at night, the sky still clung to and retained some lingering skirts of light from the departed day; and the sullen heats of the torrid afternoon broke up and rolled away at the dispersing touch of the cool fingers of the short midsummer night.
Mole lay stretched on the bank, still panting from the stress of the fierce day that had been cloudless from dawn to late sunset, and waited for his friend to return.
He had been on the river with some companions, leaving the Water Rat free to keep a engagement of long standing with Otter; and he had come back to find the house dark and deserted, and no sign of Rat, who was doubtless keeping it up late with his old comrade.
It was still too hot to think of staying indoors, so he lay on some cool dock-leaves, and thought over the past day and its doings, and how very good they all had been.
The Rat’s light footfall was presently heard approaching over the parched grass.
‘O, the blessed coolness!’ he said, and sat down, gazing thoughtfully into the river, silent and pre-occupied.
‘You stayed to supper, of course?’ said the Mole presently.
‘Simply had to,’ said the Rat.

“Hands off!” cried Silver, leaping back a yard, as it seemed to me, with the speed and security of a trained gymnast.
“Hands off, if you like, John Silver,” said the other.
“It's a black conscience that can make you feared of me.
But in heaven's name, tell me, what was that?”
“That?” returned Silver, smiling away, but warier than ever, his eye a mere pin-point in his big face, but gleaming like a crumb of glass.
“That?
Oh, I reckon that'll be Alan.”
And at this point Tom flashed out like a hero.
“Alan!” he cried.
“Then rest his soul for a true seaman!
And as for you, John Silver, long you've been a mate of mine, but you're mate of mine no more.
If I die like a dog, I'll die in my dooty.
You've killed Alan, have you?
Kill me too, if you can.

"Mothers have need of sharp eyes and discreet tongues when they have girls to manage.
I was half afraid to put the idea into your head, lest you should write and congratulate them before the thing was settled."
"I'm not the scatterbrain I was.
You may trust me.
I'm sober and sensible enough for anyone's confidante now."
"So you are, my dear, and I should have made you mine, only I fancied it might pain you to learn that your Teddy loved someone else."
"Now, Mother, did you really think I could be so silly and selfish, after I'd refused his love, when it was freshest, if not best?"
"I knew you were sincere then, Jo, but lately I have thought that if he came back, and asked again, you might perhaps, feel like giving another answer.
Forgive me, dear, I can't help seeing that you are very lonely, and sometimes there is a hungry look in your eyes that goes to my heart.
So I fancied that your boy might fill the empty place if he tried now."
"No, Mother, it is better as it is, and I'm glad Amy has learned to love him.
But you are right in one thing.

JANE TAYLOR 
 
IF EVER I SEE 
      If ever I see,       On bush or tree,   Young birds in their pretty nest,       I must not in play,       Steal the birds away,   To grieve their mother's breast.
My mother, I know,       Would sorrow so,   Should I be stolen away;       So I'll speak to the birds       In my softest words,   Nor hurt them in my play.
And when they can fly       In the bright blue sky,   They'll warble a song to me;       And then if I'm sad       It will make me glad   To think they are happy and free.
LYDIA MARIA CHILD 
 
THE LITTLE LAND 
  When at home alone I sit   And am very tired of it,   I have just to shut my eyes   To go sailing through the skies 
  To go sailing far away   To the pleasant Land of Play;   To the fairy land afar   Where the Little People are;   Where the clover-tops are trees,   And the rain-pools are the seas,   And the leaves like little ships   Sail about on tiny trips;   And above the daisy tree       Through the grasses,   High o'erhead the Bumble Bee       Hums and passes.
In that forest to and fro   I can wander, I can go;   See the spider and the fly,   And the ants go marching by   Carrying parcels with their feet   Down the green and grassy street   I can in the sorrel sit   Where the ladybird alit.
I can climb the jointed grass;       And on high   See the greater swallows pass       In the sky,   And the round sun rolling by   Heeding no such thing as I.
Through the forest I can pass   Till, as in a looking-glass,   Humming fly and daisy tree   And my tiny self I see,   Painted very clear and neat   On the rain-pool at my feet.
Should a leaflet come to land   Drifting near to where I stand,   Straight I'll board that tiny boat   Round the rain-pool sea to float.
Little thoughtful creatures sit   On the grassy coasts of it;   Little things with lovely eyes   See me sailing with surprise.
Some are clad in armor green 
  (These have sure to battle been!)
Some are pied with ev'ry hue,   Black and crimson, gold and blue;   Some have wings and swift are gone; 
  But they all look kindly on.
When my eyes I once again   Open and see all things plain;   High bare walls, great bare floor;   Great big knobs on drawer and door;   Great big people perched on chairs,   Stitching tucks and mending tears,   Each a hill that I could climb,   And talking nonsense all the time 
      O dear me,       That I could be   A sailor on the rain-pool sea,   A climber in the clover-tree,   And just come back, a sleepy-head,   Late at night to go to bed.

Dorothy concluded it was caused by the machinery that operated the elevator.
The little car was shooting upward with a speed that caused her ears to ring.
"Just swallow several times," advised the Wizard, sensing Dorothy's discomfort.
"That will make equal the air pressure inside and outside your body.
It's a trick I learned when I went up in my balloon to draw crowds to the circus back in Omaha."
Dorothy did as the Wizard suggested and found the ringing sensation disappeared.
"Who are you?"
asked the Wizard gazing curiously at the little man.
"And where are you taking us?"
"You don't know who I am?"
exclaimed the little man with surprise.
"After all, you know you did ring for the elevator, and since I am the elevator operator, naturally I answered.

"Perhaps I had better go home," thought he.
But how for in his excitement the other words which his godmother had told him to use had slipped his memory, and the cloak only went faster and faster, skimming on through the dusky, empty air.
The poor little Prince began to feel frightened.
What if his wonderful traveling-cloak should keep on thus traveling, perhaps to the world's end, carrying with it a poor, tired, hungry boy.
"Dear godmother," he cried pitifully, "do help me!
Tell me just this once and I'll never forget again."
Instantly the words came to him and he repeated them.
"Abracadabra, tum, tum, ti!"
The cloak began to turn slowly, and immediately started back, as fast as ever, in the direction of the tower.
The skylight he found exactly as he had left it, and he slipped in as easily as he had gotten out.
He had scarcely reached the floor when he heard his nurse's voice outside.
"Bless us!

The three torches are this night put out.
The names on the torches are Nathos, Ailne, Ardan.
Alas!
it is but for the beauty of a woman that these brave ones perish.'
The sons of Usna were silent awhile, and the sons of Fergus spake not.
Then said Nathos, 'It were better, Deirdre, to be a torch quenched for thy sake than to live for aught save thee.
That which shall come, shall come.'
'Now must I get me hence,' said Lavarcam, 'for Concobar awaiteth my coming.
But, sons of Usna, see ye well to it, that the doors and windows be this night barred.'
Then Lavarcam hastened to the King and told him how that the sons of Usna had come to Erin to live peaceably, but how that the beauty of Deirdre had faded until she was no longer fairest among women.
Then was Concobar wroth, and he sent yet another messenger.
To this man he said, 'Who was it that slew thy father and thy brother?'

Gingerbread Man.
I'm going!
Mr. Fox.
Now for the leg.
Gingerbread Man.
I'm going!
Mr. Fox.
Really, Mr.
Gingerbread Man, I think you are very good eating for a hungry fox.
Now I'll taste the other leg.
Gingerbread Man.
I'm going!

Edmund was a good deal frightened, but he remembered the grim expression of the cockatrice's eye, and the fixed determination of his snore still rang in his ears, in spite of the snoring of the drakling, which was, in itself, considerable.
He screwed up his courage, flung the door open, and called out: "Hello, you drakling.
Get out of bed this minute."
The drakling stopped snoring and said sleepily: "It ain't time yet."
"Your mother says you are to, anyhow; and look sharp about it, what's more," said Edmund, gaining courage from the fact that the drakling had not yet eaten him.
The drakling sighed, and Edmund could hear it getting out of bed.
The next moment it began to come out of its room and to put on its shoes.
It was not nearly so big as its mother; only about the size of a Baptist chapel.
"Hurry up," said Edmund, as it fumbled clumsily with the seventeenth shoe.
"Mother said I was never to go out without my shoes," said the drakling; so Edmund had to help it to put them on.
It took some time, and was not a comfortable occupation.
At last the drakling said it was ready, and Edmund, who had forgotten to be frightened, said, "Come on then," and they went back to the cockatrice.

returned Jo, giving her collar a twitch and her head a hasty brush.
"No, winking isn't ladylike.
I'll lift my eyebrows if any thing is wrong, and nod if you are all right.
Now hold your shoulder straight, and take short steps, and don't shake hands if you are introduced to anyone.
It isn't the thing."
"How do you learn all the proper ways?
I never can.
Isn't that music gay?"
Down they went, feeling a trifle timid, for they seldom went to parties, and informal as this little gathering was, it was an event to them.
Mrs. Gardiner, a stately old lady, greeted them kindly and handed them over to the eldest of her six daughters.
Meg knew Sallie and was at her ease very soon, but Jo, who didn't care much for girls or girlish gossip, stood about, with her back carefully against the wall, and felt as much out of place as a colt in a flower garden.
Half a dozen jovial lads were talking about skates in another part of the room, and she longed to go and join them, for skating was one of the joys of her life.

Why, don't you know me?
I'm little Red Riding-Hood.
Wolf.
I'm a stranger in this place, little girl; but I shall know you the next time I see you ugh, ugh!
What have you in your pretty basket, little Red Riding-Hood?
It smells like honey.
Little Red Riding-Hood.
It is honey, Mr. Wolf.
I am taking it to my dear grandmother.
Wolf.
Are you all alone in the wood, my child?
Isn't your mother with you?

What do I see?
Ham and butter and flour and sausage!
Where did you get all these good things, father?
Father.
Hurrah, won't we have a merry time, won't we have a happy time?
I sold so many brooms at the fair that I could buy you all these good things and some tea besides.
Mother.
Tea!
how good it smells and how glad I am!
Now I will cook the supper.
Father.
But where are the children?

In the morning when the three army-surgeons got up, they told the girl she was to bring them the plate on which the hand, heart, and eyes were lying.
Then she brought it out of the cupboard, and the first fixed the thief’s hand on and smeared it with his salve, and it grew to his arm directly.
The second took the cat’s eyes and put them in his own head.
The third fixed the pig’s heart firm in the place where his own had been, and the innkeeper stood by, admired their skill, and said he had never yet seen such a thing as that done, and would sing their praises and recommend them to everyone.
Then they paid their bill, and travelled farther.
As they were on their way, the one with the pig’s heart did not stay with them at all, but wherever there was a corner he ran to it, and rooted about in it with his nose as pigs do.
The others wanted to hold him back by the tail of his coat, but that did no good; he tore himself loose, and ran wherever the dirt was thickest.
The second also behaved very strangely; he rubbed his eyes, and said to the others, “Comrades, what is the matter?
I don’t see at all.
Will one of you lead me, so that I do not fall.” Then with difficulty they travelled on till evening, when they reached another inn.
They went into the bar together, and there at a table in the corner sat a rich man counting money.
The one with the thief’s hand walked round about him, made a sudden movement twice with his arm, and at last when the stranger turned away, he snatched at the pile of money, and took a handful from it.

"Most of the young men who go in quest of these apples," observed another of the damsels, "desire to obtain them for themselves, or to present them to some fair maiden whom they love.
Do you, then, love this king, your cousin, so very much?"
"Perhaps not," replied the stranger, sighing.
"He has often been severe and cruel to me.
But it is my destiny to obey him."
"And do you know," asked the damsel who had first spoken, "that a terrible dragon, with a hundred heads, keeps watch under the golden apple-tree?"
"I know it well," answered the stranger, calmly.
"But, from my cradle upwards, it has been my business, and almost my pastime, to deal with serpents and dragons."
The young women looked at his massive club, and at the shaggy lion's skin which he wore, and likewise at his heroic limbs and figure; and they whispered to each other that the stranger appeared to be one who might reasonably expect to perform deeds far beyond the might of other men.
But, then, the dragon with a hundred heads!
What mortal, even if he possessed a hundred lives, could hope to escape the fangs of such a monster?
So kind-hearted were the maidens, that they could not bear to see this brave and handsome traveler attempt what was so very dangerous, and devote himself, most probably, to become a meal for the dragon's hundred ravenous mouths.

The fairies always supplied me with flax for my spinning, and by great diligence I made enough cord for a ladder that would reach to the foot of the tower; but, alas!
just as my prince was helping me to descend it, the crossest and ugliest of the old fairies flew in.
Before he had time to defend himself my unhappy lover was swallowed up by the dragon.
As for me, the fairies, furious at having their plans defeated, for they intended me to marry the king of the dwarfs, and I utterly refused, changed me into a white cat.
When they brought me here I found all the lords and ladies of my father’s court awaiting me under the same enchantment, while the people of lesser rank had been made invisible, all but their hands.
“As they laid me under the enchantment the fairies told me all my history, for until then I had quite believed that I was their child, and warned me that my only chance of regaining my natural form was to win the love of a prince who resembled in every way my unfortunate lover.
“And you have won it, lovely Princess,” interrupted the Prince.
“You are indeed wonderfully like him,” resumed the Princess “in voice, in features, and everything; and if you really love me all my troubles will be at an end.”
“And mine too,” cried the Prince, throwing himself at her feet, “if you will consent to marry me.”
“I love you already better than anyone in the world,” she said; “but now it is time to go back to your father, and we shall hear what he says about it.”
So the Prince gave her his hand and led her out, and they mounted the chariot together; it was even more splendid than before, and so was the whole company.
Even the horses’ shoes were of rubies with diamond nails, and I suppose that is the first time such a thing was ever seen.
As the Princess was as kind and clever as she was beautiful, you may imagine what a delightful journey the Prince found it, for everything the Princess said seemed to him quite charming.
When they came near the castle where the brothers were to meet, the Princess got into a chair carried by four of the guards; it was hewn out of one splendid crystal, and had silken curtains, which she drew round her that she might not be seen.
The Prince saw his brothers walking upon the terrace, each with a lovely princess, and they came to meet him, asking if he had also found a wife.

And soon the winter passed.
"Away, away!"
barked the hoarse yard dog, but the girls in the house sang:
          "Come from your fragrant home, green thyme;              Stretch your soft branches, willow tree;            The months are bringing the sweet spring-time,              When the lark in the sky sings joyfully.
Come, gentle sun, while the cuckoo sings,              And I'll mock his note in my wanderings."
And nobody thought any more of the Snow Man.
THE FARMYARD COCK AND THE WEATHERCOCK 
THERE were once two cocks; one of them stood on a dunghill, the other on the roof.
Both were conceited, but the question is, Which of the two was the more useful?
A wooden partition divided the poultry yard from another yard, in which lay a heap of manure sheltering a cucumber bed.
In this bed grew a large cucumber, which was fully aware that it was a plant that should be reared in a hotbed.
"It is the privilege of birth," said the Cucumber to itself.
"All cannot be born cucumbers; there must be other kinds as well.
The fowls, the ducks, and the cattle in the next yard are all different creatures, and there is the yard cock I can look up to him when he is on the wooden partition.

“Seriously now, seriously I mean ”
“I only see that Aglaya Ivanovna is laughing at me,” said the poor prince, sadly.
“Wait a bit, my boy, I’ll just go you stay here, you know.
But do just explain, if you can, Lef Nicolaievitch, how in the world has all this come about?
And what does it all mean?
You must understand, my dear fellow; I am a father, you see, and I ought to be allowed to understand the matter do explain, I beg you!”
“I love Aglaya Ivanovna she knows it, and I think she must have long known it.”
The general shrugged his shoulders.
“Strange it’s strange,” he said, “and you love her very much?”
“Yes, very much.”
“Well it’s all most strange to me.
That is my dear fellow, it is such a surprise such a blow that... You see, it is not your financial position (though I should not object if you were a bit richer) I am thinking of my daughter’s happiness, of course, and the thing is are you able to give her the happiness she deserves?
And then is all this a joke on her part, or is she in earnest?
I don’t mean on your side, but on hers.”
At this moment Alexandra’s voice was heard outside the door, calling out “Papa!”
“Wait for me here, my boy will you?
Just wait and think it all over, and I’ll come back directly,” he said hurriedly, and made off with what looked like the rapidity of alarm in response to Alexandra’s call.
He found the mother and daughter locked in one another’s arms, mingling their tears.
These were the tears of joy and peace and reconciliation.

The hat is of no use to me, and I will willingly give it for thy table-cloth.”
“That suits me very well,” he answered, took the hat, put it on, and left his table-cloth behind him.
Hardly, however, had he walked away than he tapped on his knapsack, and his soldiers had to fetch the cloth back again.
“One thing comes on the top of another,” thought he, “and I feel as if my luck had not yet come to an end.” Neither had his thoughts deceived him.
After he had walked on for the whole of one day, he came to a third charcoal-burner, who like the previous ones, invited him to potatoes without dripping.
But he let him also dine with him from his wishing-cloth, and the charcoal-burner liked it so well, that at last he offered him a horn for it, which had very different properties from those of the hat.
When any one blew it all the walls and fortifications fell down, and all towns and villages became ruins.
He certainly gave the charcoal-burner the cloth for it, but he afterwards sent his soldiers to demand it back again, so that at length he had the knapsack, hat and horn, all three.
“Now,” said he, “I am a made man, and it is time for me to go home and see how my brothers are getting on.”
When he reached home, his brothers had built themselves a handsome house with their silver and gold, and were living in clover.
He went to see them, but as he came in a ragged coat, with his shabby hat on his head, and his old knapsack on his back, they would not acknowledge him as their brother.
They mocked and said, “Thou givest out that thou art our brother who despised silver and gold, and craved for something still better for himself.
He will come in his carriage in full splendour like a mighty king, not like a beggar,” and they drove him out of doors.
Then he fell into a rage, and tapped his knapsack until a hundred and fifty men stood before him armed from head to foot.

It was working along into the small hours now, but I thought I might as well make a night of it and finish the thing up, so I rang up an hotel near the Strand.
"Put me through to Mrs. Cardew," I said.
"It's late," said the man at the other end.
"And getting later every minute," I said.
"Buck along, laddie."
I waited patiently.
I had missed my beauty-sleep, and my feet had frozen hard, but I was past regrets.
"What is the matter?"
said Mary's voice.
"My feet are cold," I said.
"But I didn't call you up to tell you that particularly.
I've just been chatting with Bobbie, Mrs.

73.
"I mean why are you travelling at all?"
"Comet Master sent me!"
replied No.
45, briefly.
"But what for?"
persisted the little comet.
"What is it all about?
What good does it do?
Why do we travel for weeks and months and years?
That's what I want to find out."
"Don't know, I'm sure!"

“On the top of the gallows is fixed the knife, blade upwards, with its point in the air.
He is hanged there forty feet high and is left hanging, poisoning the water.”
They looked at one another, as he used his blue cap to wipe his face, on which the perspiration had started afresh while he recalled the spectacle.
“It is frightful, messieurs.
How can the women and the children draw water!
Who can gossip of an evening, under that shadow!
Under it, have I said?
When I left the village, Monday evening as the sun was going to bed, and looked back from the hill, the shadow struck across the church, across the mill, across the prison seemed to strike across the earth, messieurs, to where the sky rests upon it!”
The hungry man gnawed one of his fingers as he looked at the other three, and his finger quivered with the craving that was on him.
“That's all, messieurs.
I left at sunset (as I had been warned to do), and I walked on, that night and half next day, until I met (as I was warned I should) this comrade.
With him, I came on, now riding and now walking, through the rest of yesterday and through last night.
And here you see me!”
After a gloomy silence, the first Jacques said, “Good!
You have acted and recounted faithfully.

The Fellow of No Delicacy 
If Sydney Carton ever shone anywhere, he certainly never shone in the house of Doctor Manette.
He had been there often, during a whole year, and had always been the same moody and morose lounger there.
When he cared to talk, he talked well; but, the cloud of caring for nothing, which overshadowed him with such a fatal darkness, was very rarely pierced by the light within him.
And yet he did care something for the streets that environed that house, and for the senseless stones that made their pavements.
Many a night he vaguely and unhappily wandered there, when wine had brought no transitory gladness to him; many a dreary daybreak revealed his solitary figure lingering there, and still lingering there when the first beams of the sun brought into strong relief, removed beauties of architecture in spires of churches and lofty buildings, as perhaps the quiet time brought some sense of better things, else forgotten and unattainable, into his mind.
Of late, the neglected bed in the Temple Court had known him more scantily than ever; and often when he had thrown himself upon it no longer than a few minutes, he had got up again, and haunted that neighbourhood.
On a day in August, when Mr. Stryver (after notifying to his jackal that “he had thought better of that marrying matter”) had carried his delicacy into Devonshire, and when the sight and scent of flowers in the City streets had some waifs of goodness in them for the worst, of health for the sickliest, and of youth for the oldest, Sydney's feet still trod those stones.
From being irresolute and purposeless, his feet became animated by an intention, and, in the working out of that intention, they took him to the Doctor's door.
He was shown up-stairs, and found Lucie at her work, alone.
She had never been quite at her ease with him, and received him with some little embarrassment as he seated himself near her table.
But, looking up at his face in the interchange of the first few common-places, she observed a change in it.
“I fear you are not well, Mr. Carton!”
“No.

Mohican was known to many Indians who recognized his enormous tracks on all the little sandy beaches of the lakes.
But no one bothered him until, one day, he developed a keen taste for white fish and started breaking all rules by interfering with the red men.
In some way or other, the lone wolf had discovered that nets were made to catch fish.
After that, for many weeks, each time he felt like it, he would search along the banks until he found the stake of a net.
Then he would take to the water and swim to the net itself.
Poking his head under the water he would choose the best looking white fish, leaving severely alone suckers, pickerel and such small fry, tear his prey out of the mesh, bring it back to shore and eat it at his leisure.
So far, so good.
Little harm was done.
But Mohican was intensely practical and like all wild animals, believed in simplifying matters as much as he could.
One day he hit on the plan of dragging the net to the bank instead of swimming out to it.
He therefore caught in his jaw the stout rope where it was tied to the stake.
Then, proceeding backwards slowly but surely, pulled the whole net clean out of the water to the shore where he ate what he liked, leaving the rest of the catch to die and spoil in the sun.

He wondered whether he was himself to blame for what had happened, and began to think he was not worthy to be king, if he could make such a mistake as he now feared he had made in being so generous to those who could have such hard thoughts of him as to want to take his life.
Perhaps after all it would be better for his country to have another king.
He did not feel as if he could go back to his palace and meet his father and uncles again.
"What shall I do?
What shall I do?"
he cried, his sobs choking his voice.
Never in all his life had he thought it possible to be so miserable as he was now.
Everything seemed changed and he felt as if he were himself a different person.
The only thing that comforted him at all was the thought of his mother, whose love had never failed him; but even that was spoiled by the remembrance that it was her husband who had wished to kill him.
She must never know that, for it would break her heart:
yet how could he keep it from her?
Then the idea came to him that the best thing he could do would be to go away and never see his own people again.
15.

“I love that boy for his perception,” said Lebedeff, looking after him.
“My dear prince,” he continued, “I have had a terrible misfortune, either last night or early this morning.
I cannot tell the exact time.”
“What is it?”
“I have lost four hundred roubles out of my side pocket!
They’re gone!”
 said Lebedeff, with a sour smile.
“You’ve lost four hundred roubles?
Oh!
I’m sorry for that.”
“Yes, it is serious for a poor man who lives by his toil.”
“Of course, of course!
How was it?”
“Oh, the wine is to blame, of course.
I confess to you, prince, as I would to Providence itself.
Yesterday I received four hundred roubles from a debtor at about five in the afternoon, and came down here by train.
I had my purse in my pocket.
When I changed, I put the money into the pocket of my plain clothes, intending to keep it by me, as I expected to have an applicant for it in the evening.”
“It’s true then, Lebedeff, that you advertise to lend money on gold or silver articles?”
“Yes, through an agent.

A careless clerk passed, whistling.
But the great tide of life had ebbed.
We heard its roar far away, and the sound stole into that silent street like the murmur of the ocean into an inland dell.
"You will come and dine with us, Titbottom?"
He assented by continuing to walk with me, and I think we were both glad when we reached the house, and Prue came to meet us, saying:
"Do you know I hoped you would bring Mr. Titbottom to dine?"
Titbottom smiled gently, and answered:
"He might have brought his spectacles with him, and I have been a happier man for it."
Prue looked a little puzzled.
"My dear," I said, "you must know that our friend, Mr. Titbottom, is the happy possessor of a pair of wonderful spectacles.
I have never seen them, indeed; and, from what he says, I should be rather afraid of being seen by them.
Most short-sighted persons are very glad to have the help of glasses; but Mr. Titbottom seems to find very little pleasure in his."
"It is because they make him too far-sighted, perhaps," interrupted Prue quietly, as she took the silver soup-ladle from the sideboard.
We sipped our wine after dinner, and Prue took her work.

To the worthy couple themselves the habit had become second nature, and in no way affected the friendly tenour of their domestic relations.
They would interfere with each other's conversation, contradicting assertions, and disputing conclusions for a whole evening; and then, when all the world and his wife thought that these ceaseless sparks of bickering must blaze up into a flaming quarrel as soon as they were alone, they would bowl amicably home in a cab, criticizing the friends who were commenting upon them, and as little agreed about the events of the evening as about the details of any other events whatever.
Yes, the bystanders certainly had the worst of it.
Those who were near wished themselves anywhere else, especially when appealed to.
Those who were at a distance did not mind so much.
A domestic squabble at a certain distance is interesting, like an engagement viewed from a point beyond the range of guns.
In such a position one may some day be placed oneself!
Moreover, it gives a touch of excitement to a dull evening to be able to say sotto voce to one's neighbour, "Do listen!
The Skratdjs are at it again!"
Their unmarried friends thought a terrible abyss of tyranny and aggravation must lie beneath it all, and blessed their stars that they were still single, and able to tell a tale their own way.
The married ones had more idea of how it really was, and wished in the name of common sense and good taste that Skratdj and his wife would not make fools of themselves.
So it went on, however; and so, I suppose, it goes on still, for not many bad habits are cured in middle age.

“Somebody hailing us,” said Hunter, who was on guard.
“Doctor!
Squire!
Captain!
Hullo, Hunter, is that you?” came the cries.
And I ran to the door in time to see Jim Hawkins, safe and sound, come climbing over the stockade.
19 
Narrative Resumed by Jim Hawkins: The Garrison in the Stockade 
AS soon as Ben Gunn saw the colours he came to a halt, stopped me by the arm, and sat down.
“Now,” said he, “there's your friends, sure enough.”
“Far more likely it's the mutineers,” I answered.
“That!” he cried.
“Why, in a place like this, where nobody puts in but gen'lemen of fortune, Silver would fly the Jolly Roger, you don't make no doubt of that.
No, that's your friends.
There's been blows too, and I reckon your friends has had the best of it; and here they are ashore in the old stockade, as was made years and years ago by Flint.

You are better off at home by the kitchen fire.
Cinderella.
But I'm fourteen.
Sister Katherine, won't you coax mamma to let me go?
Katherine.
No, indeed, I'll not!
What would you do at a ball?
a silly thing like you!
Elizabeth.
Don't be a goose.
Wait till you're older and better looking.
There's no room in the carriage for you, and you are too young, anyway.

"A rat!
A rat!"
"I was afraid you would be frightened," said Sara.
"But you needn't be.
I am making him tame.
He actually knows me and comes out when I call him.
Are you too frightened to want to see him?"
The truth was that, as the days had gone on and, with the aid of scraps brought up from the kitchen, her curious friendship had developed, she had gradually forgotten that the timid creature she was becoming familiar with was a mere rat.
At first Ermengarde was too much alarmed to do anything but huddle in a heap upon the bed and tuck up her feet, but the sight of Sara's composed little countenance and the story of Melchisedec's first appearance began at last to rouse her curiosity, and she leaned forward over the edge of the bed and watched Sara go and kneel down by the hole in the skirting board.
"He he won't run out quickly and jump on the bed, will he?"
she said.
"No," answered Sara.

Even now, as I talk to you, I keep saying to myself ‘how well I am speaking it.’ Perhaps that is partly why I am so talkative this morning.
I assure you, ever since yesterday evening I have had the strongest desire to go on and on talking Russian.”
“H’m!
yes; did you live in Petersburg in former years?”
This good flunkey, in spite of his conscientious scruples, really could not resist continuing such a very genteel and agreeable conversation.
“In Petersburg?
Oh no!
hardly at all, and now they say so much is changed in the place that even those who did know it well are obliged to relearn what they knew.
They talk a good deal about the new law courts, and changes there, don’t they?”
“H’m!
yes, that’s true enough.
Well now, how is the law over there, do they administer it more justly than here?”
“Oh, I don’t know about that!
I’ve heard much that is good about our legal administration, too.
There is no capital punishment here for one thing.”
“Is there over there?”
“Yes I saw an execution in France at Lyons.
Schneider took me over with him to see it.”
“What, did they hang the fellow?”
“No, they cut off people’s heads in France.”
“What did the fellow do?

“Don’t touch him, Patalamon.
There has never been a white seal since since I was born.
Perhaps it is old Zaharrof’s ghost.
He was lost last year in the big gale.”
“I’m not going near him,” said Patalamon.
“He’s unlucky.
Do you really think he is old Zaharrof come back?
I owe him for some gulls’ eggs.”
“Don’t look at him,” said Kerick.
“Head off that drove of four-year-olds.
The men ought to skin two hundred to-day, but it’s the beginning of the season and they are new to the work.
A hundred will do.
Quick!”
Patalamon rattled a pair of seal’s shoulder bones in front of a herd of holluschickie and they stopped dead, puffing and blowing.
Then he stepped near and the seals began to move, and Kerick headed them inland, and they never tried to get back to their companions.

At length she turned again to the chief who sat next her.
'Of this goodly company,' she said, 'I know none save Oisin the son of Finn and Dering his friend.
Tell me, I pray thee, who sitteth yonder by Oisin's side?'
And the chief told his name and sang his praise.
Again Grania asked, 'And who, I pray thee, sitteth by his side?'
And the chief told his name and sang his praise.
Afterwards Grania sought of the chief the names of many of the nobles, and he told her, and he told too of the deeds they had done.
Then the Princess called her handmaid and said, 'Bring me from my room the jewelled drinking horn.'
And the handmaiden brought it and Grania filled it to the brim and said, 'Take it to Finn, and say that I would have him drink from it.'
And Finn drank from the drinking horn, and then passed it to Cormac the King.
And the King drank from it and also the Queen.
Then again Grania filled the drinking horn to the brim, and yet again, until all whom she wished to drink had drunk from it.

"'Now,' said OLD-man, 'you are the Chipmunk, and must always wear those striped clothes.
All of your children and their children, must wear them, too.'
"After the Chipmunk had looked at himself, and thanked OLD-man for his new clothes, he wanted to know how he could make his living, and OLD-man told him what to eat, and said he must cache the pine-nuts when the leaves turned yellow, so he would not have to work in the winter time.
"'You are a cousin to the Pine-squirrel,' said OLD-man, 'and you will hunt and hide as he does.
You will be spry and your living will be easy to make if you do as I have told you.'
"He taught the Chipmunk his language and his signs, showed him where to live, and then left him, going on toward the north again.
He kept looking for the cow-elk and doe-deer, and it was not long before he had killed enough of their young to make the robe as the Person told him, for they were plentiful before the white man came to live on the world.
He found a shady place near a creek, and there made the robe that would make Bad Sickness whenever he sang the queer song, but the robe was plain, and brown in color.
He didn't like the looks of it.
Suddenly he thought how nice the back of the Chipmunk looked after he had striped it with his paints.
He got out his old paint sack and with the same colors made the robe look very much like the clothes of the Chipmunk.
He was proud of the work, and liked the new robe better; but being lazy, he wanted to save himself work, so he sent the South-wind to tell all the doe-deer and the cow-elk to come to him.

On the way they had to pass near an old castle belonging to the fairies.
Nobody had ever been into it, but it was reported to be full of the most wonderful things, and my mother remembered to have heard that the fairies had in their garden such fruits as were to be seen and tasted nowhere else.
She began to wish to try them for herself, and turned her steps in the direction of the garden.
On arriving at the door, which blazed with gold and jewels, she ordered her servants to knock loudly, but it was useless; it seemed as if all the inhabitants of the castle must be asleep or dead.
Now the more difficult it became to obtain the fruit, the more the Queen was determined that have it she would.
So she ordered that they should bring ladders, and get over the wall into the garden; but though the wall did not look very high, and they tied the ladders together to make them very long, it was quite impossible to get to the top.
“The Queen was in despair, but as night was coming on she ordered that they should encamp just where they were, and went to bed herself, feeling quite ill, she was so disappointed.
In the middle of the night she was suddenly awakened, and saw to her surprise a tiny, ugly old woman seated by her bedside, who said to her:
“‘I must say that we consider it somewhat troublesome of your Majesty to insist upon tasting our fruit; but to save you annoyance, my sisters and I will consent to give you as much as you can carry away, on one condition that is, that you shall give us your little daughter to bring up as our own.’
“‘Ah!
my dear madam,’ cried the Queen, ‘is there nothing else that you will take for the fruit?
I will give you my kingdoms willingly.’
“‘No,’ replied the old fairy, ‘we will have nothing but your little daughter.
She shall be as happy as the day is long, and we will give her everything that is worth having in fairy-land, but you must not see her again until she is married.’
“‘Though it is a hard condition,’ said the Queen, ‘I consent, for I shall certainly die if I do not taste the fruit, and so I should lose my little daughter either way.’
“So the old fairy led her into the castle, and, though it was still the middle of the night, the Queen could see plainly that it was far more beautiful than she had been told, which you can easily believe, Prince,”
 said the White Cat, “when I tell you that it was this castle that we are now in.
‘Will you gather the fruit yourself, Queen?’ said the old fairy, ‘or shall I call it to come to you?’
“‘I beg you to let me see it come when it is called,’ cried the Queen; ‘that will be something quite new.’ The old fairy whistled twice, then she cried:
“‘Apricots, peaches, nectarines, cherries, plums, pears, melons, grapes, apples, oranges, lemons, gooseberries, strawberries, raspberries, come!’
“And in an instant they came tumbling in one over another, and yet they were neither dusty nor spoilt, and the Queen found them quite as good as she had fancied them.

We will see if a son of the gods has the will to accomplish that labor."
This was indeed a labor with very little of the spirit of adventure in it.
Old King Augeus, of Elis in Greece had a herd of three thousand cattle and their stalls in his many stables had not been cleaned for thirty years.
The cattle, all of them of blooded stock, were dying off because they were not properly cared for, and there was no hero of the king's train but felt the work of cleaning the stables to be too menial for him.
Hercules had no such thought as this, however.
He was ready to attempt the labor; his only idea was how to accomplish it, and thoroughly.
At last he had a very novel idea.
There were scarcely any of the lesser gods of outdoors who had not, by this time, felt the strength of Hercules.
There had been the river god who took delight in leading the waters of the streams over their banks and inundating the farms in the spring when the fields had just been planted.
Hercules had wrestled with this river god and had broken off one of his horns, on account of which he had to keep the streams between their banks.
Hercules made up his mind that he would take advantage of his power over the river god in his present need.
So what did Hercules do but lead the courses of two streams, the Alpheus and the Peneus, right through the Augean stables cleansing them thoroughly.

Your brer Sam can stay here an' raise butter, chickens, eggs, pigs, an' an' an' so forth.
Matt Pike say he jes' know they's money in it, an' special with a housekeeper keerful an' equinomical like you."
It is always curious the extent of influence that some men have upon wives who are their superiors.
Mrs. Fluker, in spite of accidents, had ever set upon her husband a value that was not recognized outside of his family.
In this respect there seems a surprising compensation in human life.
But this remark I make only in passing.
Mrs. Fluker, admitting in her heart that farming was not her husband's forte, hoped, like a true wife, that it might be found in the new field to which he aspired.
Besides, she did not forget that her brother Sam had said to her several times privately that if his brer Pink wouldn't have so many notions and would let him alone in his management, they would all do better.
She reflected for a day or two, and then said:
"Maybe it's best, Mr. Fluker.
I'm willin' to try it for a year, anyhow.
We can't lose much by that.
As for Matt Pike, I hain't the confidence in him you has.

At first she would not let the Master-maid remain with her; but at last, after a long time, by means of good words and good payment, she obtained leave.
But the hut was as dirty and black inside as a pigsty, so the Master-maid said that she would smarten it up a little, that it might look a little more like what other people’s houses looked inside.
The old crone did not like this either.
She scowled, and was very cross, but the Master-maid did not trouble herself about that.
She took out her chest of gold, and flung a handful of it or so into the fire, and the gold boiled up and poured out over the whole of the hut, until every part of it both inside and out was gilded.
But when the gold began to bubble up the old hag grew so terrified that she fled as if the Evil One himself were pursuing her, and she did not remember to stoop down as she went through the doorway, and so she split her head and died.
Next morning the sheriff came traveling by there.
He was greatly astonished when he saw the gold hut shining and glittering there in the copse, and he was still more astonished when he went in and caught sight of the beautiful young maiden who was sitting there; he fell in love with her at once, and straightway on the spot he begged her, both prettily and kindly, to marry him.
“Well, but have you a great deal of money?” said the Master-maid.
“Oh!
yes; so far as that is concerned, I am not ill off,” said the sheriff.
So now he had to go home to get the money, and in the evening he came back, bringing with him a bag with two bushels in it, which he set down on the bench.

How like a king I dined, too, all alone, attended by my servants!
Poll, my parrot, as if he had been my favourite, was the only person permitted to talk to me.
My old dog sat at my right hand, and two cats on each side of the table, expecting a bit from my hand as a mark of special favour.
III.
The Footprint 
It was my custom to make daily excursions to some part of the island.
One day, walking along the beach, I was exceedingly surprised with the print of a man's naked foot plainly impressed on the sand.
I stood like one thunderstruck.
I listened, I looked around, but I could hear nothing nor see anything.
I went up to a rising ground to look further; I walked backwards and forwards on the shore, but I could see only that one impression.
I went to it again.
There was exactly a foot toes, heel, and every part of a foot.
How it came thither I knew not; but I hurried home, looking behind me at every two or three steps, and mistaking every bush and tree, fancying every stump to be a man.

"Soldiers don't complain," she would say between her small, shut teeth, "I am not going to do it; I will pretend this is part of a war."
But there were hours when her child heart might almost have broken with loneliness but for three people.
The first, it must be owned, was Becky just Becky.
Throughout all that first night spent in the garret, she had felt a vague comfort in knowing that on the other side of the wall in which the rats scuffled and squeaked there was another young human creature.
And during the nights that followed the sense of comfort grew.
They had little chance to speak to each other during the day.
Each had her own tasks to perform, and any attempt at conversation would have been regarded as a tendency to loiter and lose time.
"Don't mind me, miss," Becky whispered during the first morning, "if I don't say nothin' polite.
Some un'd be down on us if I did.
I MEANS 'please' an' 'thank you' an'
'beg pardon,' but I dassn't to take time to say it."
But before daybreak she used to slip into Sara's attic and button her dress and give her such help as she required before she went downstairs to light the kitchen fire.
And when night came Sara always heard the humble knock at her door which meant that her handmaid was ready to help her again if she was needed.

You'll come, Betty?"
"If you won't let any boys talk to me."
"Not a boy!"
"I like to please Laurie, and I'm not afraid of Mr. Brooke, he is so kind.
But I don't want to play, or sing, or say anything.
I'll work hard and not trouble anyone, and you'll take care of me, Jo, so I'll go."
"That's my good girl.
You do try to fight off your shyness, and I love you for it.
Fighting faults isn't easy, as I know, and a cheery word kind of gives a lift.
Thank you, Mother," And Jo gave the thin cheek a grateful kiss, more precious to Mrs. March than if it had given back the rosy roundness of her youth.
"I had a box of chocolate drops, and the picture I wanted to copy,"
said Amy, showing her mail.
"And I got a note from Mr. Laurence, asking me to come over and play to him tonight, before the lamps are lighted, and I shall go," added Beth, whose friendship with the old gentleman prospered finely.

He was lying flat on his back in bed and he did not turn his head toward her as she came in.
This was a bad beginning and Mary marched up to him with her stiff manner.
“Why didn’t you get up?” she said.
“I did get up this morning when I thought you were coming,” he answered, without looking at her.
“I made them put me back in bed this afternoon.
My back ached and my head ached and I was tired.
Why didn’t you come?”
“I was working in the garden with Dickon,” said Mary.
Colin frowned and condescended to look at her.
“I won’t let that boy come here if you go and stay with him instead of coming to talk to me,” he said.
Mary flew into a fine passion.
She could fly into a passion without making a noise.
She just grew sour and obstinate and did not care what happened.

There was a great dark-looking gateway in the town, through which morning and evening she had to pass with the geese: would he be so good as to nail up Falada’s head on it, so that she might see him again, more than once.
The knacker’s man promised to do that, and cut off the head, and nailed it fast beneath the dark gateway.
Early in the morning, when she and Conrad drove out their flock beneath this gateway, she said in passing, 
“Alas, Falada, hanging there!”
Then the head answered, 
“Alas, young Queen, how ill you fare!
If this your tender mother knew, Her heart would surely break in two.”
Then they went still further out of the town, and drove their geese into the country.
And when they had come to the meadow, she sat down and unbound her hair which was like pure gold, and Conrad saw it and delighted in its brightness, and wanted to pluck out a few hairs.
Then she said, 
“Blow, blow, thou gentle wind, I say, Blow Conrad’s little hat away, And make him chase it here and there, Until I have braided all my hair, And bound it up again.”
And there came such a violent wind that it blew Conrad’s hat far away across country, and he was forced to run after it.
When he came back she had finished combing her hair and was putting it up again, and he could not get any of it.
Then Conrad was angry, and would not speak to her, and thus they watched the geese until the evening, and then they went home.
Next day when they were driving the geese out through the dark gateway, the maiden said, 
“Alas, Falada, hanging there!”
Falada answered, 
“Alas, young Queen, how ill you fare!
If this your tender mother knew, Her heart would surely break in two.”
And she sat down again in the field and began to comb out her hair, and Conrad ran and tried to clutch it, so she said in haste, 
“Blow, blow, thou gentle wind, I say, Blow Conrad’s little hat away, And make him chase it here and there, Until I have braided all my hair, And bound it up again.”
Then the wind blew, and blew his little hat off his head and far away, and Conrad was forced to run after it, and when he came back, her hair had been put up a long time, and he could get none of it, and so they looked after their geese till evening came.
But in the evening after they had got home, Conrad went to the old King, and said, “I won’t tend the geese with that girl any longer!”
“Why not?” inquired the aged King.
“Oh, because she vexes me the whole day long.” Then the aged King commanded him to relate what it was that she did to him.

A million and a half, and a prince, and an idiot into the bargain, they say.
What better could I wish for?
Life is only just about to commence for me in earnest.
Rogojin, you are a little too late.
Away with your paper parcel!
I’m going to marry the prince; I’m richer than you are now.”
But Rogojin understood how things were tending, at last.
An inexpressibly painful expression came over his face.
He wrung his hands; a groan made its way up from the depths of his soul.
“Surrender her, for God’s sake!” he said to the prince.
All around burst out laughing.
“What?
Surrender her to you?” cried Daria Alexeyevna.

When you are fatter.
Now I must look to my fire.
It is burning well, and the oven will soon be hot enough to bake my dinner.
When I change my gingerbread I'll pop little Gretel in and shut the door.
[Gretel comes in very quietly and goes to Hans.]
Gretel.
Hocus, pocus, elder bush!
Rigid body loosen, hush!
The Gingerbread Witch.
What are you saying?
Gretel.
Oh, nothing, only, 
The Gingerbread Witch.

He had never caught even a glimpse of the boy and had heard a dozen exaggerated stories about his uncanny looks and ways and his insane tempers.
The thing he had heard oftenest was that he might die at any moment and there had been numerous fanciful descriptions of a humped back and helpless limbs, given by people who had never seen him.
“Things are changing in this house, Mr. Roach,” said Mrs. Medlock, as she led him up the back staircase to the corridor on to which opened the hitherto mysterious chamber.
“Let’s hope they’re changing for the better, Mrs. Medlock,” he answered.
“They couldn’t well change for the worse,” she continued; “and queer as it all is there’s them as finds their duties made a lot easier to stand up under.
Don’t you be surprised, Mr. Roach, if you find yourself in the middle of a menagerie and Martha Sowerby’s Dickon more at home than you or me could ever be.”
There really was a sort of Magic about Dickon, as Mary always privately believed.
When Mr. Roach heard his name he smiled quite leniently.
“He’d be at home in Buckingham Palace or at the bottom of a coal mine,”
he said.
“And yet it’s not impudence, either.
He’s just fine, is that lad.”
It was perhaps well he had been prepared or he might have been startled.
When the bedroom door was opened a large crow, which seemed quite at home perched on the high back of a carven chair, announced the entrance of a visitor by saying “Caw—Caw” quite loudly.
In spite of Mrs. Medlock’s warning, Mr. Roach only just escaped being sufficiently undignified to jump backward.

English.
This is she?”
She and no other.
“Kiss me, child of Evremonde.
Now, thou hast kissed a good Republican; something new in thy family; remember it!
Sydney Carton.
Advocate.
English.
Which is he?”
He lies here, in this corner of the carriage.
He, too, is pointed out.
“Apparently the English advocate is in a swoon?”
It is hoped he will recover in the fresher air.
It is represented that he is not in strong health, and has separated sadly from a friend who is under the displeasure of the Republic.
“Is that all?

He was a good after-dinner speaker, and was first to use the egg trick, which so many after-dinner speakers have since wished they had thought of before Chris did.
In falsifying the log-book in order to make his sailors believe that they had not sailed so far as they had, Columbus did a wrong act, unworthy of his high notions regarding the pious discovery of this land.
The artist has shown here not only one of the most faithful portraits of Columbus and his crooked log-book, but the punishment which he should have received.
The man on the left is Columbus; History is concealed just around the corner in a loose wrapper.
Spain at this time regarded the new land as a vast jewelry store in charge of simple children of the forest who did not know the value of their rich agricultural lands or gold-ribbed farms.
Spain, therefore, expected to exchange bone collar-buttons with the children of the forest for opals as large as lima beans, and to trade fiery liquids to them for large gold bricks.
The Montezumas were compelled every little while to pay a freight-bill for the Spanish confidence man.
Ponce de Leon had started out in search of the Hot Springs of Arkansas, and in 1512 came in sight of Florida.
He was not successful in his attempt to find the Fountain of Youth, and returned an old man so deaf that in the language of the Hoosier poet referring to his grandfather, 
  "So remarkably deaf was my grandfather Squeers   That he had to wear lightning-rods over his ears   To even hear thunder, and oftentimes then   He was forced to request it to thunder again."
Balboa crossed the Isthmus of Darien, and, rolling up his pantalettes, waded into the Pacific Ocean and discovered it in the name of Spain.
It was one of the largest and wettest discoveries ever made, and, though this occurred over three centuries ago, Spain is still poor.
Balboa, in discovering the Pacific, did so according to the Spanish custom of discovery, viz., by wading into it with his naked sword in one hand and the banner of Castile, sometimes called Castile's hope (see Appendix), in the other.

Saint Antoine was clamorous to have its wine-shop keeper foremost in the guard upon the governor who had defended the Bastille and shot the people.
Otherwise, the governor would not be marched to the Hotel de Ville for judgment.
Otherwise, the governor would escape, and the people's blood (suddenly of some value, after many years of worthlessness) be unavenged.
In the howling universe of passion and contention that seemed to encompass this grim old officer conspicuous in his grey coat and red decoration, there was but one quite steady figure, and that was a woman's.
“See, there is my husband!” she cried, pointing him out.
“See Defarge!” She stood immovable close to the grim old officer, and remained immovable close to him; remained immovable close to him through the streets, as Defarge and the rest bore him along; remained immovable close to him when he was got near his destination, and began to be struck at from behind; remained immovable close to him when the long-gathering rain of stabs and blows fell heavy; was so close to him when he dropped dead under it, that, suddenly animated, she put her foot upon his neck, and with her cruel knife long ready hewed off his head.
The hour was come, when Saint Antoine was to execute his horrible idea of hoisting up men for lamps to show what he could be and do.
Saint Antoine's blood was up, and the blood of tyranny and domination by the iron hand was down down on the steps of the Hotel de Ville where the governor's body lay down on the sole of the shoe of Madame Defarge where she had trodden on the body to steady it for mutilation.
“Lower the lamp yonder!” cried Saint Antoine, after glaring round for a new means of death; “here is one of his soldiers to be left on guard!” The swinging sentinel was posted, and the sea rushed on.
The sea of black and threatening waters, and of destructive upheaving of wave against wave, whose depths were yet unfathomed and whose forces were yet unknown.
The remorseless sea of turbulently swaying shapes, voices of vengeance, and faces hardened in the furnaces of suffering until the touch of pity could make no mark on them.
But, in the ocean of faces where every fierce and furious expression was in vivid life, there were two groups of faces each seven in number so fixedly contrasting with the rest, that never did sea roll which bore more memorable wrecks with it.

Michael should have used it also, but Wendy would have [desired]
a baby, and he was the littlest, and you know what women are, and the short and long of it is that he was hung up in a basket.
It was rough and simple, and not unlike what baby bears would have made of an underground house in the same circumstances.
But there was one recess in the wall, no larger than a bird-cage, which was the private apartment of Tinker Bell.
It could be shut off from the rest of the house by a tiny curtain, which Tink, who was most fastidious [particular], always kept drawn when dressing or undressing.
No woman, however large, could have had a more exquisite boudoir [dressing room]
and bed-chamber combined.
The couch, as she always called it, was a genuine Queen Mab, with club legs; and she varied the bedspreads according to what fruit-blossom was in season.
Her mirror was a Puss-in-Boots, of which there are now only three, unchipped, known to fairy dealers; the washstand was Pie-crust and reversible, the chest of drawers an authentic Charming the Sixth, and the carpet and rugs the best (the early) period of Margery and Robin.
There was a chandelier from Tiddlywinks for the look of the thing, but of course she lit the residence herself.
Tink was very contemptuous of the rest of the house, as indeed was perhaps inevitable, and her chamber, though beautiful, looked rather conceited, having the appearance of a nose permanently turned up.
I suppose it was all especially entrancing to Wendy, because those rampagious boys of hers gave her so much to do.
Really there were whole weeks when, except perhaps with a stocking in the evening, she was never above ground.
The cooking, I can tell you, kept her nose to the pot, and even if there was nothing in it, even if there was no pot, she had to keep watching that it came aboil just the same.

"I would advocate the dispatching of a wireless message to his grace on board the vessel, notifying him of the change of address.
Mr.
Bickersteth could meet his grace at the dock and proceed directly here.
Will that meet the situation, sir?"
"Absolutely."
"Thank you, sir."
Bicky followed him with his eye till the door closed.
"How does he do it, Bertie?"
he said.
"I'll tell you what I think it is.
I believe it's something to do with the shape of his head.
Have you ever noticed his head, Bertie, old man?
It sort of sticks out at the back!"

"Why don't you say you'd have a splendid, wise, good husband and some angelic little children?
You know your castle wouldn't be perfect without," said blunt Jo, who had no tender fancies yet, and rather scorned romance, except in books.
"You'd have nothing but horses, inkstands, and novels in yours,"
answered Meg petulantly.
"Wouldn't I though?
I'd have a stable full of Arabian steeds, rooms piled high with books, and I'd write out of a magic inkstand, so that my works should be as famous as Laurie's music.
I want to do something splendid before I go into my castle, something heroic or wonderful that won't be forgotten after I'm dead.
I don't know what, but I'm on the watch for it, and mean to astonish you all some day.
I think I shall write books, and get rich and famous, that would suit me, so that is my favorite dream."
"Mine is to stay at home safe with Father and Mother, and help take care of the family," said Beth contentedly.
"Don't you wish for anything else?"
asked Laurie.
"Since I had my little piano, I am perfectly satisfied.

On being asked how, in so short a time, he could have made a trial of him, he answered, “I do not need a trial; I know that he will be just the same as the one he chose for his companion.”
A man is known by the company he keeps.
The Two Bags 
EVERY MAN, according to an ancient legend, is born into the world with two bags suspended from his neck all bag in front full of his neighbors’
faults, and a large bag behind filled with his own faults.
Hence it is that men are quick to see the faults of others, and yet are often blind to their own failings.
The Stag at the Pool 
A STAG overpowered by heat came to a spring to drink.
Seeing his own shadow reflected in the water, he greatly admired the size and variety of his horns, but felt angry with himself for having such slender and weak feet.
While he was thus contemplating himself, a Lion appeared at the pool and crouched to spring upon him.
The Stag immediately took to flight, and exerting his utmost speed, as long as the plain was smooth and open kept himself easily at a safe distance from the Lion.
But entering a wood he became entangled by his horns, and the Lion quickly came up to him and caught him.
When too late, he thus reproached himself: “Woe is me!
How I have deceived myself!
These feet which would have saved me I despised, and I gloried in these antlers which have proved my destruction.”
What is most truly valuable is often underrated.
The Jackdaw and the Fox 
A HALF-FAMISHED JACKDAW seated himself on a fig-tree, which had produced some fruit entirely out of season, and waited in the hope that the figs would ripen.

Give him a dash of brandy.
So!
Now he looks a little more human.
What a shrimp it is, to be sure!”
For a moment he had staggered and nearly fallen, but the brandy brought a tinge of colour into his cheeks, and he sat staring with frightened eyes at his accuser.
“I have almost every link in my hands, and all the proofs which I could possibly need, so there is little which you need tell me.
Still, that little may as well be cleared up to make the case complete.
You had heard, Ryder, of this blue stone of the Countess of Morcar’s?”
“It was Catherine Cusack who told me of it,” said he in a crackling voice.
“I see—her ladyship’s waiting-maid.
Well, the temptation of sudden wealth so easily acquired was too much for you, as it has been for better men before you; but you were not very scrupulous in the means you used.
It seems to me, Ryder, that there is the making of a very pretty villain in you.
You knew that this man Horner, the plumber, had been concerned in some such matter before, and that suspicion would rest the more readily upon him.
What did you do, then?

It is of importance that no time should be lost with him, for he will of course have much to do relative to his ordination."
This speech at first puzzled Mrs. Jennings exceedingly.
Why Mr.
Ferrars was to have been written to about it in such a hurry, she could not immediately comprehend.
A few moments' reflection, however, produced a very happy idea, and she exclaimed; 
"Oh, ho!
I understand you.
Mr. Ferrars is to be the man.
Well, so much the better for him.
Ay, to be sure, he must be ordained in readiness; and I am very glad to find things are so forward between you.
But, my dear, is not this rather out of character?
Should not the Colonel write himself?
sure, he is the proper person."
Elinor did not quite understand the beginning of Mrs. Jennings's speech, neither did she think it worth inquiring into; and therefore only replied to its conclusion.

Up he flew against an old board under a garret window and fell into a little crevice which was almost filled with moss and soft earth.
The moss closed itself about him, and there he lay a captive indeed, but not unnoticed by God.
"What is to happen will happen," said he to himself.
Within the little garret lived a poor woman, who went out to clean stoves, chop wood into small pieces, and do other hard work, for she was both strong and industrious.
Yet she remained always poor, and at home in the garret lay her only daughter, not quite grown up and very delicate and weak.
For a whole year she had kept her bed, and it seemed as if she could neither die nor get well.
"She is going to her little sister," said the woman.
"I had only the two children, and it was not an easy thing to support them; but the good God provided for one of them by taking her home to himself.
The other was left to me, but I suppose they are not to be separated, and my sick girl will soon go to her sister in heaven."
All day long the sick girl lay quietly and patiently, while her mother went out to earn money.
Spring came, and early one morning the sun shone through the little window and threw his rays mildly and pleasantly over the floor of the room.
Just as the mother was going to her work, the sick girl fixed her gaze on the lowest pane of the window.

“How is Master Colin, Medlock?” he inquired.
“Well, sir,” Mrs. Medlock answered, “he’s—he’s different, in a manner of speaking.”
“Worse?” he suggested.
Mrs. Medlock really was flushed.
“Well, you see, sir,” she tried to explain, “neither Dr. Craven, nor the nurse, nor me can exactly make him out.”
“Why is that?”
“To tell the truth, sir, Master Colin might be better and he might be changing for the worse.
His appetite, sir, is past understanding—and his ways—”
“Has he become more—more peculiar?” her master, asked, knitting his brows anxiously.
“That’s it, sir.
He’s growing very peculiar—when you compare him with what he used to be.
He used to eat nothing and then suddenly he began to eat something enormous—and then he stopped again all at once and the meals were sent back just as they used to be.
You never knew, sir, perhaps, that out of doors he never would let himself be taken.
The things we’ve gone through to get him to go out in his chair would leave a body trembling like a leaf.
He’d throw himself into such a state that Dr. Craven said he couldn’t be responsible for forcing him.
Well, sir, just without warning—not long after one of his worst tantrums he suddenly insisted on being taken out every day by Miss Mary and Susan Sowerby’s boy Dickon that could push his chair.

Such a Maypole as this has never been seen in all the world.
"Then came a great company of real elves.
Nothing could be finer than their clothes.
They invited me to be present at the feast, but I was to keep at a certain distance because I was too large for them.
Then began music that sounded like a thousand glass bells, and was so full and strong that I thought it must be the song of the swans.
I fancied also that I heard the voices of the cuckoo and the blackbird, and it seemed at last as if the whole forest sent forth glorious melodies the voices of children, the tinkling of bells, and the songs of the birds.
And all this wonderful melody came from the elfin Maypole.
My sausage peg was a complete peal of bells.
I could scarcely believe that so much could have been produced from it, till I remembered into what hands it had fallen.
I was so much affected that I wept tears such as a little mouse can weep, but they were tears of joy.
"The night was far too short for me; there are no long nights there in summer, as we often have in this part of the world.
When the morning dawned and the gentle breeze rippled the glassy mirror of the forest lake, all the delicate veils and flags fluttered away into thin air.

"Undoubtedly, if they had known your engagement," said she, "nothing could be more flattering than their treatment of you; but as that was not the case" 
"I guessed you would say so," replied Lucy quickly "but there was no reason in the world why Mrs. Ferrars should seem to like me, if she did not, and her liking me is every thing.
You shan't talk me out of my satisfaction.
I am sure it will all end well, and there will be no difficulties at all, to what I used to think.
Mrs. Ferrars is a charming woman, and so is your sister.
They are both delightful women, indeed!
I wonder I should never hear you say how agreeable Mrs.
Dashwood was!"
To this Elinor had no answer to make, and did not attempt any.
"Are you ill, Miss Dashwood?
you seem low you don't speak; sure you an't well."
"I never was in better health."
"I am glad of it with all my heart; but really you did not look it.
I should be sorry to have YOU ill; you, that have been the greatest comfort to me in the world!

"Crump, I believe you're a sport!"
Mr. Crump seemed completely to have forgotten his responsible position as secretary to a millionaire and special messenger to a prince.
He smirked.
"I'd have liked a day or two in the old burg," he said softly.
"I haven't been to Rector's since Ponto was a pup."
John reached across the table and seized the secretary's hand.
"Crump," he said, "you are a sport.
This is no time for delay.
If we are to liven up this great city, we must get busy right away.
Grab your hat, and come along.
One doesn't become a prince every day.
The occasion wants celebrating.

"I shall say I didn't know you, for you look so grown-up and unlike yourself, I'm quite afraid of you," he said, fumbling at his glove button.
"How absurd of you!
The girls dressed me up for fun, and I rather like it.
Wouldn't Jo stare if she saw me?"
said Meg, bent on making him say whether he thought her improved or not.
"Yes, I think she would," returned Laurie gravely.
"Don't you like me so?"
asked Meg.
"No, I don't," was the blunt reply.
"Why not?"
in an anxious tone.
He glanced at her frizzled head, bare shoulders, and fantastically trimmed dress with an expression that abashed her more than his answer, which had not a particle of his usual politeness in it.

Everyone seemed to know something, but to be afraid to talk about it.
The general had turned up in the bosom of his family two or three days before, but not, as usual, with the olive branch of peace in his hand, not in the garb of penitence in which he was usually clad on such occasions but, on the contrary, in an uncommonly bad temper.
He had arrived in a quarrelsome mood, pitching into everyone he came across, and talking about all sorts and kinds of subjects in the most unexpected manner, so that it was impossible to discover what it was that was really putting him out.
At moments he would be apparently quite bright and happy; but as a rule he would sit moody and thoughtful.
He would abruptly commence to hold forth about the Epanchins, about Lebedeff, or the prince, and equally abruptly would stop short and refuse to speak another word, answering all further questions with a stupid smile, unconscious that he was smiling, or that he had been asked a question.
The whole of the previous night he had spent tossing about and groaning, and poor Nina Alexandrovna had been busy making cold compresses and warm fomentations and so on, without being very clear how to apply them.
He had fallen asleep after a while, but not for long, and had awaked in a state of violent hypochondria which had ended in his quarrel with Hippolyte, and the solemn cursing of Ptitsin’s establishment generally.
It was also observed during those two or three days that he was in a state of morbid self-esteem, and was specially touchy on all points of honour.
Colia insisted, in discussing the matter with his mother, that all this was but the outcome of abstinence from drink, or perhaps of pining after Lebedeff, with whom up to this time the general had been upon terms of the greatest friendship; but with whom, for some reason or other, he had quarrelled a few days since, parting from him in great wrath.
There had also been a scene with the prince.
Colia had asked an explanation of the latter, but had been forced to conclude that he was not told the whole truth.
If Hippolyte and Nina Alexandrovna had, as Gania suspected, had some special conversation about the general’s actions, it was strange that the malicious youth, whom Gania had called a scandal-monger to his face, had not allowed himself a similar satisfaction with Colia.

"I will tell you about the Tree Frog," said the Mole.
"He is one of these fellows who are always just so good-natured and polite.
I can't endure them.
I say it's putting on airs to act that way.
I was telling him what I thought of the Garter Snake, and what should he do but draw himself up and say: 'Excuse me, but the Garter Snake is a particular friend of mine, and I do not care to hear him spoken of in that way.'
I guess I taught him one good lesson, though.
I told him he was just the kind of person I should expect the Garter Snake to like, and that I wished them much joy together, but that I didn't want anything to do with them.
"It was only a short time after this that I had such trouble about making my fort.
Whenever I started to dig in a place I would find some other Mole there ahead of me."
"And then you would have to go somewhere else, of course?"
said the Ground Hog.
"I'd like to know why!"

She had a large broad-brimmed hat on, painted with the most splendid flowers.
“Poor little child!” said the old woman.
“How did you get upon the large rapid river, to be driven about so in the wide world!” And then the old woman went into the water, caught hold of the boat with her crooked stick, drew it to the bank, and lifted little Gerda out.
And Gerda was so glad to be on dry land again; but she was rather afraid of the strange old woman.
“But come and tell me who you are, and how you came here,” said she.
And Gerda told her all; and the old woman shook her head and said, “A-hem!
a-hem!” and when Gerda had told her everything, and asked her if she had not seen little Kay, the woman answered that he had not passed there, but he no doubt would come; and she told her not to be cast down, but taste her cherries, and look at her flowers, which were finer than any in a picture-book, each of which could tell a whole story.
She then took Gerda by the hand, led her into the little cottage, and locked the door.
The windows were very high up; the glass was red, blue, and green, and the sunlight shone through quite wondrously in all sorts of colors.
On the table stood the most exquisite cherries, and Gerda ate as many as she chose, for she had permission to do so.
While she was eating, the old woman combed her hair with a golden comb, and her hair curled and shone with a lovely golden color around that sweet little face, which was so round and so like a rose.
“I have often longed for such a dear little girl,” said the old woman.

Amy does well without frettin, wearin her best clothes and eatin sweet stuff.
Mr. Laurie is as full of didoes as usual, and turns the house upside down frequent, but he heartens the girls, so I let em hev full swing.
The old gentleman sends heaps of things, and is rather wearin, but means wal, and it aint my place to say nothin.
My bread is riz, so no more at this time.
I send my duty to Mr. March, and hope he's seen the last of his Pewmonia.
Yours respectful, 
Hannah Mullet 
Head Nurse of Ward No.
2, 
All serene on the Rappahannock, troops in fine condition, commisary department well conducted, the Home Guard under Colonel Teddy always on duty, Commander in Chief General Laurence reviews the army daily, Quartermaster Mullet keeps order in camp, and Major Lion does picket duty at night.
A salute of twenty-four guns was fired on receipt of good news from Washington, and a dress parade took place at headquarters.
Commander in chief sends best wishes, in which he is heartily joined by...
COLONEL TEDDY 
Dear Madam:
The little girls are all well.
Beth and my boy report daily.
Hannah is a model servant, and guards pretty Meg like a dragon.

But when nothing remained of all her three month's work except a heap of ashes and the money in her lap, Jo looked sober, as she sat on the floor, wondering what she ought to do about her wages.
"I think I haven't done much harm yet, and may keep this to pay for my time," she said, after a long meditation, adding impatiently, "I almost wish I hadn't any conscience, it's so inconvenient.
If I didn't care about doing right, and didn't feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally.
I can't help wishing sometimes, that Mother and Father hadn't been so particular about such things."
Ah, Jo, instead of wishing that, thank God that 'Father and Mother were particular', and pity from your heart those who have no such guardians to hedge them round with principles which may seem like prison walls to impatient youth, but which will prove sure foundations to build character upon in womanhood.
Jo wrote no more sensational stories, deciding that the money did not pay for her share of the sensation, but going to the other extreme, as is the way with people of her stamp, she took a course of Mrs.
Sherwood, Miss Edgeworth, and Hannah More, and then produced a tale which might have been more properly called an essay or a sermon, so intensely moral was it.
She had her doubts about it from the beginning, for her lively fancy and girlish romance felt as ill at ease in the new style as she would have done masquerading in the stiff and cumbrous costume of the last century.
She sent this didactic gem to several markets, but it found no purchaser, and she was inclined to agree with Mr. Dashwood that morals didn't sell.
Then she tried a child's story, which she could easily have disposed of if she had not been mercenary enough to demand filthy lucre for it.
The only person who offered enough to make it worth her while to try juvenile literature was a worthy gentleman who felt it his mission to convert all the world to his particular belief.
But much as she liked to write for children, Jo could not consent to depict all her naughty boys as being eaten by bears or tossed by mad bulls because they did not go to a particular Sabbath school, nor all the good infants who did go as rewarded by every kind of bliss, from gilded gingerbread to escorts of angels when they departed this life with psalms or sermons on their lisping tongues.
So nothing came of these trials, and Jo corked up her inkstand, and said in a fit of very wholesome humility...
"I don't know anything.

The man replied: "O King, I ask nothing; but grant me, I pray you, control over the entire bazaar, that I may kill, banish, hang, or release, and do as I like with the people who dwell there."
The King granted this request, and having discovered the thief in the supposed merchant, the policeman went to him and boldly demanded the release of his father and son.
But the thief denied all knowledge of the affair.
Then the young man entered the shop, and, lifting up the great stone, beheld the two unfortunate men, who were nearly starved to death.
Having released them, he took the thief to the King, and told him what had happened.
After they had hanged the wicked thief, the young policeman changed his clothes and appeared as a woman.
The King was greatly surprised, but so pleased at all she had done, that he called her his "daughter," and gave her husband, father, and other relations money and goods, so that they lived in contentment for the rest of their lives.
THE STORY OF PIR SAB 
Very, very far away in the north of India is a big river, and many years ago there lived, not very far from its banks, an old woman who had an only daughter a beautiful girl, who, when she grew up, was given in marriage to a man who lived in a village on the opposite bank of the river; and all preliminaries being arranged, a day was fixed for the marriage party with the bride to cross over.
A gay company with songs and music set out, and everything went well until they reached the middle of the stream.
The current is strong and dangerous in that place, and in less time than it takes to say it, the joyous party, with its music and songs and drummers, and the litter which held the bride, was hurled into the seething water, and every soul sank and was drowned.
The old woman alone, who had remained at home on account of her feeble age, escaped, and sad indeed was she when she came to hear of her daughter's fate.
Her own home grew lonely and uncongenial to her, so, in a half-frenzied state, she betook herself to the river side, and there spent many hours every day calling to the river to give up her dead.

Walking the deck with quick, side-lunging strides, Ahab commanded the t’gallant sails and royals to be set, and every stunsail spread.
The best man in the ship must take the helm.
Then, with every mast-head manned, the piled-up craft rolled down before the wind.
The strange, upheaving, lifting tendency of the taffrail breeze filling the hollows of so many sails, made the buoyant, hovering deck to feel like air beneath the feet; while still she rushed along, as if two antagonistic influences were struggling in her—one to mount direct to heaven, the other to drive yawingly to some horizontal goal.
And had you watched Ahab’s face that night, you would have thought that in him also two different things were warring.
While his one live leg made lively echoes along the deck, every stroke of his dead limb sounded like a coffin-tap.
On life and death this old man walked.
But though the ship so swiftly sped, and though from every eye, like arrows, the eager glances shot, yet the silvery jet was no more seen that night.
Every sailor swore he saw it once, but not a second time.
This midnight-spout had almost grown a forgotten thing, when, some days after, lo!
at the same silent hour, it was again announced: again it was descried by all; but upon making sail to overtake it, once more it disappeared as if it had never been.
And so it served us night after night, till no one heeded it but to wonder at it.

Every day the young fellow used to go out and get what he could by begging.
This continued for some time, till at last he became quite tired of such a wretched life, and determined to go and try his luck in another country.
He informed his wife of his intention, and ordered her to manage somehow or other for the old people during the few months that he would be absent.
He begged her to be industrious, lest his parents should be angry and curse him.
One morning he started with some food in a bundle, and walked on day after day, till he reached the chief city of the neighbouring country.
Here he went and sat down by a merchant's shop and asked alms.
The merchant inquired whence he had come, why he had come, and what was his caste; to which he replied that he was a Brahman, and was wandering hither and thither begging a livelihood for himself and wife and parents.
Moved with pity for the man, the merchant advised him to visit the kind and generous king of that country, and offered to accompany him to the court.
Now at that time it happened that the king was seeking for a Brahman to look after a golden temple which he had just had built.
His Majesty was very glad, therefore, when he saw the Brahman and heard that he was good and honest.
He at once deputed him to the charge of this temple, and ordered fifty kharwars of rice and one hundred rupees to be paid to him every year as wages.
Two months after this, the Brahman's wife, not having heard any news of her husband, left the house and went in quest of him.

She spoke as if she had never heard of the stuff.
"Nothing like a cup after a journey," I said.
"Bucks you up!
Puts a bit of zip into you.
What I mean is, restores you, and so on, don't you know.
I'll go and tell Jeeves."
I tottered down the passage to Jeeves's lair.
The man was reading the evening paper as if he hadn't a care in the world.
"Jeeves," I said, "we want some tea."
"Very good, sir."
"I say, Jeeves, this is a bit thick, what?"
I wanted sympathy, don't you know sympathy and kindness.

"Did not Colonel Brandon know of Sir John's proposal to your mother before it was made?
Had he never owned his affection to yourself?"
"Oh, no; but if mama had not objected to it, I dare say he would have liked it of all things.
He had not seen me then above twice, for it was before I left school.
However, I am much happier as I am.
Mr.
Palmer is the kind of man I like."
CHAPTER 21 
The Palmers returned to Cleveland the next day, and the two families at Barton were again left to entertain each other.
But this did not last long; Elinor had hardly got their last visitors out of her head, had hardly done wondering at Charlotte's being so happy without a cause, at Mr. Palmer's acting so simply, with good abilities, and at the strange unsuitableness which often existed between husband and wife, before Sir John's and Mrs. Jennings's active zeal in the cause of society, procured her some other new acquaintance to see and observe.
In a morning's excursion to Exeter, they had met with two young ladies, whom Mrs. Jennings had the satisfaction of discovering to be her relations, and this was enough for Sir John to invite them directly to the park, as soon as their present engagements at Exeter were over.
Their engagements at Exeter instantly gave way before such an invitation, and Lady Middleton was thrown into no little alarm on the return of Sir John, by hearing that she was very soon to receive a visit from two girls whom she had never seen in her life, and of whose elegance, whose tolerable gentility even, she could have no proof; for the assurances of her husband and mother on that subject went for nothing at all.
Their being her relations too made it so much the worse; and Mrs. Jennings's attempts at consolation were therefore unfortunately founded, when she advised her daughter not to care about their being so fashionable; because they were all cousins and must put up with one another.
As it was impossible, however, now to prevent their coming, Lady Middleton resigned herself to the idea of it, with all the philosophy of a well-bred woman, contenting herself with merely giving her husband a gentle reprimand on the subject five or six times every day.

“Well, I congratulate you, I congratulate you!” And the general rose from his seat and solemnly embraced the prince.
All came forward with congratulations; even those of Rogojin’s party who had retreated into the next room, now crept softly back to look on.
For the moment even Nastasia Philipovna was forgotten.
But gradually the consciousness crept back into the minds of each one present that the prince had just made her an offer of marriage.
The situation had, therefore, become three times as fantastic as before.
Totski sat and shrugged his shoulders, bewildered.
He was the only guest left sitting at this time; the others had thronged round the table in disorder, and were all talking at once.
It was generally agreed, afterwards, in recalling that evening, that from this moment Nastasia Philipovna seemed entirely to lose her senses.
She continued to sit still in her place, looking around at her guests with a strange, bewildered expression, as though she were trying to collect her thoughts, and could not.
Then she suddenly turned to the prince, and glared at him with frowning brows; but this only lasted one moment.
Perhaps it suddenly struck her that all this was a jest, but his face seemed to reassure her.
She reflected, and smiled again, vaguely.

When twelve o’clock is striking, I will come, and if she is then no longer in thine arms, thou art lost.” The prince thought, “The task is easy, I will most certainly keep my eyes open.” Nevertheless he called his servants, told them what the old woman had said, and remarked, “Who knows what treachery lurks behind this?
Foresight is a good thing keep watch, and take care that the maiden does not go out of my room again.” When night fell, the old woman came with her daughter, and gave her into the princes’s arms, and then the Tall One wound himself round the two in a circle, and the Stout One placed himself by the door, so that no living creature could enter.
There the two sat, and the maiden spake never a word, but the moon shone through the window on her face, and the prince could behold her wondrous beauty.
He did nothing but gaze at her, and was filled with love and happiness, and his eyes never felt weary.
This lasted until eleven o’clock, when the old woman cast such a spell over all of them that they fell asleep, and at the self-same moment the maiden was carried away.
Then they all slept soundly until a quarter to twelve, when the magic lost its power, and all awoke again.
“Oh, misery and misfortune!” cried the prince, “now I am lost!” The faithful servants also began to lament, but the Listener said, “Be quiet, I want to listen.” Then he listened for an instant and said, “She is on a rock, three hundred leagues from hence, bewailing her fate.
Thou alone, Tall One, canst help her; if thou wilt stand up, thou wilt be there in a couple of steps.”
“Yes,” answered the Tall One, “but the one with the sharp eyes must go with me, that we may destroy the rock.” Then the Tall One took the one with bandaged eyes on his back, and in the twinkling of an eye they were on the enchanted rock.
The Tall One immediately took the bandage from the other’s eyes, and he did but look round, and the rock shivered into a thousand pieces.
Then the Tall One took the maiden in his arms, carried her back in a second, then fetched his companion with the same rapidity, and before it struck twelve they were all sitting as they had sat before, quite merrily and happily.
When twelve struck, the aged sorceress came stealing in with a malicious face, which seemed to say, “Now he is mine!” for she believed that her daughter was on the rock three hundred leagues off.
But when she saw her in the prince’s arms, she was alarmed, and said, “Here is one who knows more than I do!” She dared not make any opposition, and was forced to give him her daughter.

The Dancing Monkeys 
A PRINCE had some Monkeys trained to dance.
Being naturally great mimics of men’s actions, they showed themselves most apt pupils, and when arrayed in their rich clothes and masks, they danced as well as any of the courtiers.
The spectacle was often repeated with great applause, till on one occasion a courtier, bent on mischief, took from his pocket a handful of nuts and threw them upon the stage.
The Monkeys at the sight of the nuts forgot their dancing and became (as indeed they were)
Monkeys instead of actors.
Pulling off their masks and tearing their robes, they fought with one another for the nuts.
The dancing spectacle thus came to an end amidst the laughter and ridicule of the audience.
The Fox and the Leopard 
THE FOX and the Leopard disputed which was the more beautiful of the two.
The Leopard exhibited one by one the various spots which decorated his skin.
But the Fox, interrupting him, said, “And how much more beautiful than you am I, who am decorated, not in body, but in mind.”
The Monkeys and Their Mother 
THE MONKEY, it is said, has two young ones at each birth.
The Mother fondles one and nurtures it with the greatest affection and care, but hates and neglects the other.
It happened once that the young one which was caressed and loved was smothered by the too great affection of the Mother, while the despised one was nurtured and reared in spite of the neglect to which it was exposed.
The best intentions will not always ensure success.

said the Prince, looking round on the flames and the smoke that crackled and rolled in towards him on every side.
"What a fool I was to be lured into this trap like a wild beast!"
and he ground his teeth with rage as he thought of the governor's smiling treachery.
Dangerous as was his situation now, the Prince was not in the least confounded.
In his dire extremity he remembered the gifts his aunt had given him when they parted, and it seemed to him as if she must, with prophetic foresight, have divined this hour of need.
He coolly opened the flint-bag that his aunt had given him and set fire to the grass near him.
Then drawing the sword of Murakumo from its sheath he set to work to cut down the grass on either side of him with all speed.
He determined to die, if that were necessary, fighting for his life and not standing still waiting for death to come to him.
Strange to say the wind began to change and to blow from the opposite direction, and the fiercest portion of the burning bush which had hitherto threatened to come upon him was now blown right away from him, and the Prince, without even a scratch on his body or a single hair burned, lived to tell the tale of his wonderful escape, while the wind rising to a gale overtook the governor, and he was burned to death in the flames he had set alight to kill Yamato Take.
Now the Prince ascribed his escape entirely to the virtue of the sword of Murakumo, and to the protection of Amaterasu, the Sun Goddess of Ise, who controls the wind and all the elements and insures the safety of all who pray to her in the hour of danger.
Lifting the precious sword he raised it above his head many times in token of his great respect, and as he did this he re-named it Kusanagi-no-Tsurugi or the Grass-Cleaving Sword, and the place where he set fire to the grass round him and escaped from death in the burning prairie, he called Yaidzu.
To this day there is a spot along the great Tokaido railway named Yaidzu, which is said to be the very place where this thrilling event took place.

There !
You wicked, bad, detestable child, I will smack you!
I will!"
Sara went to them quietly.
She did not know at all what she was going to do, but she had a vague inward conviction that it would be better not to say such different kinds of things quite so helplessly and excitedly.
"Miss Amelia," she said in a low voice, "Miss Minchin says I may try to make her stop may I?"
Miss Amelia turned and looked at her hopelessly.
"Oh, DO you think you can?"
she gasped.
"I don't know whether I CAN", answered Sara, still in her half-whisper; "but I will try."
Miss Amelia stumbled up from her knees with a heavy sigh, and Lottie's fat little legs kicked as hard as ever.
"If you will steal out of the room," said Sara, "I will stay with her."

“Fail not to bring it to me presently,” said Blue Beard.
After several goings backward and forward she was forced to bring him the key.
Blue Beard, having very attentively considered it, said to his wife, 
“How comes this blood upon the key?”
“I do not know,” cried the poor woman, paler than death.
“You do not know!” replied Blue Beard.
“I very well know.
You were resolved to go into the closet, were you not?
Mighty well, madam; you shall go in, and take your place among the ladies you saw there.”
Upon this she threw herself at her husband’s feet, and begged his pardon with all the signs of true repentance, vowing that she would never more be disobedient.
She would have melted a rock, so beautiful and sorrowful was she; but Blue Beard had a heart harder than any rock!
“You must die, madam,” said he, “and that presently.”
“Since I must die,” answered she (looking upon him with her eyes all bathed in tears), “give me some little time to say my prayers.”
“I give you,” replied Blue Beard, “half a quarter of an hour, but not one moment more.”
When she was alone she called out to her sister, and said to her:
“Sister Anne” (for that was her name), “go up, I beg you, upon the top of the tower, and look if my brothers are not coming over; they promised me that they would come to-day, and if you see them, give them a sign to make haste.”
Her sister Anne went up upon the top of the tower, and the poor afflicted wife cried out from time to time:
“Anne, sister Anne, do you see anyone coming?”
And sister Anne said:
“I see nothing but the sun, which makes a dust, and the grass, which looks green.”
In the meanwhile Blue Beard, holding a great sabre in his hand, cried out as loud as he could bawl to his wife:
“Come down instantly, or I shall come up to you.”
“One moment longer, if you please,” said his wife, and then she cried out very softly, “Anne, sister Anne, dost thou see anybody coming?”
And sister Anne answered:
“I see nothing but the sun, which makes a dust, and the grass, which is green.”
“Come down quickly,” cried Blue Beard, “or I will come up to you.”
“I am coming,” answered his wife; and then she cried, “Anne, sister Anne, dost thou not see anyone coming?”
“I see,” replied sister Anne, “a great dust, which comes on this side here.”
“Are they my brothers?”
“Alas!
no, my dear sister, I see a flock of sheep.”
“Will you not come down?” cried Blue Beard 
“One moment longer,” said his wife, and then she cried out: “Anne, sister Anne, dost thou see nobody coming?”
“I see,” said she, “two horsemen, but they are yet a great way off.”
“God be praised,” replied the poor wife joyfully; “they are my brothers; I will make them a sign, as well as I can, for them to make haste.”
Then Blue Beard bawled out so loud that he made the whole house tremble.
The distressed wife came down, and threw herself at his feet, all in tears, with her hair about her shoulders.
“This signifies nothing,” says Blue Beard; “you must die”; then, taking hold of her hair with one hand, and lifting up the sword with the other, he was going to take off her head.

“Oh, my poor Lamp-Wick,” said Pinocchio in a faint voice, as he wiped his eyes with some straw he had picked up from the ground.
“Do you feel so sorry for a little donkey that has cost you nothing?”
 said the Farmer.
“What should I do I, who have paid my good money for him?”
“But, you see, he was my friend.”
“Your friend?”
“A classmate of mine.”
“What,” shouted Farmer John, bursting out laughing.
“What!
You had donkeys in your school?
How you must have studied!”
The Marionette, ashamed and hurt by those words, did not answer, but taking his glass of milk returned to his father.
From that day on, for more than five months, Pinocchio got up every morning just as dawn was breaking and went to the farm to draw water.
And every day he was given a glass of warm milk for his poor old father, who grew stronger and better day by day.
But he was not satisfied with this.
He learned to make baskets of reeds and sold them.
With the money he received, he and his father were able to keep from starving.
Among other things, he built a rolling chair, strong and comfortable, to take his old father out for an airing on bright, sunny days.

All the rocks and trees you see here were living people once, and the Magician turned them to what they now are.
Some time ago a Raja's son came here, and shortly afterwards came his six brothers, and they were all turned into stones and trees; and these are not the only unfortunate ones, for up in that tower lives a beautiful Princess, whom the Magician has kept prisoner there for twelve years, because she hates him and will not marry him."
Then the little Prince thought, "These must be my parents and my uncles.
I have found what I seek at last."
So he told his story to the Malee's wife, and begged her to help him to remain in that place awhile and inquire further concerning the unhappy people she mentioned; and she promised to befriend him, and advised his disguising himself lest the Magician should see him, and turn him likewise into stone.
To this the Prince agreed.
So the Malee's wife dressed him up in a saree, and pretended that he was her daughter.
One day, not long after this, as the Magician was walking in his garden he saw the little girl (as he thought) playing about, and asked her who she was.
She told him she was the Malee's daughter, and the Magician said, "You are a pretty little girl, and to-morrow you shall take a present of flowers from me to the beautiful lady who lives in the tower."
The young Prince was much delighted at hearing this, and went immediately to inform the Malee's wife; after consultation with whom he determined that it would be more safe for him to retain his disguise, and trust to the chance of a favourable opportunity for establishing some communication with his mother, if it were indeed she.
Now it happened that at Balna's marriage her husband had given her a small gold ring on which her name was engraved, and she had put it on her little son's finger when he was a baby, and afterwards when he was older his aunts had had it enlarged for him, so that he was still able to wear it.
The Malee's wife advised him to fasten the well-known treasure to one of the bouquets he presented to his mother, and trust to her recognising it.

The enemy had reached the top floor.
John was conscious of a remarkable exhilaration.
He felt insanely light-hearted.
He laughed aloud at the thought that until then he had completely forgotten the very existence of these earnest seekers after his downfall.
He threw back his head and shouted.
There was something so ridiculous in their assumption that they mattered to a man who had found Betty again.
He thrust his head down through the trap, to see what was going on.
The dark passage was full of indistinct forms, gathered together in puzzled groups.
The mystery of the vanished object of their pursuit was being discussed in hoarse whispers.
Suddenly there was an excited shout, then a rush of feet.
John drew back his head, and waited, gripping his stick.
Voices called to each other in the passage below.

The sister at first cried very much, and begged of him not to go, but at last she consented; and as he bade her good-bye, he gave her a string of beads, saying: "As long as I am well, these beads will be separate from each other; but should any misfortune overtake me, or I should die, the beads will be no longer separate, but will be joined together."
Then he mounted his horse and rode away.
On the way he met an old Fakir.
This old man's face was covered with hair, so that he could not see, and he had a very long grey beard.
The boy looked at him, and said: "Let me shave you, and you will be able to see better."
So the Fakir allowed himself to be shaved, after which he asked the youth where he was going, and on hearing, he advised him not to go.
"For," said he, "many have already gone on that quest, but have never returned."
Yet the boy persisted.
So the old Fakir gave him a ball, and said:
"Keep throwing this before you as you go.
Stop where the ball stops, and heed no sounds or interruptions on the way."
The ball went in the direction of a high mountain, and the boy followed; but in the mountain there were strange hissing sounds and voices all around, which kept shouting to him, and asking who he was and where he came from.
He paid no heed to these, until suddenly there came a great clap of thunder, followed by an earthquake.

You see that big pitcher.
Well, we get all our food and everything else we want out of it.
We just have to wish as we put our hands in, and there it is.
It's a magic pitcher the only one there is in the whole wide world.
You get the food you would like to have first, and then we'll tell you what we want."
Subha Datta could hardly believe his ears when he heard that.
Down he threw his axe, and hastened to put his hand in the pitcher, wishing for the food he was used to.
He loved curried rice and milk, lentils, fruit and vegetables, and very soon he had a beautiful meal spread out for himself on the ground.
Then the fairies called out, one after the other, what they wanted for food, things the woodcutter had never heard of or seen, which made him quite discontented with what he had chosen for himself.
7.
What would you have wished for if you had had a magic pitcher?
8.

Carefully, lest he wake the sleeper, OLD-man crept close, being particular not to move a stone or break a twig; for the Mountain-lion is much faster than men are, you see; and if OLD-man had wakened the Lion, he would never have caught him again, perhaps.
Little by little he crept to the stone where the Mountain-lion was dreaming, and at last grabbed him by the tail.
It wasn't much of a tail then, but enough for OLD-man to hold to.
Ho!
The Lion was scared and begged hard, saying:
"'Spare me, OLD-man.
You were full and I was hungry.
I had to have something to eat; had to get my living.
Please let me go and do not hurt me.'
Ho!
OLD-man was angry more angry than he was when he waked and found that he had been robbed, because he had travelled so far on his hands and knees.
"'I'll show you.
I'll teach you.

Gentlemen now at the door do stand, They will walk in with drawn swords in hand, And if you don't believe what I say 
Let one Fool and four knights from the British Isles come in and clear     the way!
[Enter FOOL and four Christian knights.]
FOOL[shaking his bells at intervals].
Room, room, brave gallants, give us room to sport, For to this room we wish now to resort:
Resort, and to repeat to you our merry rhyme, For remember, good sirs, that this is Christmas time.
The time to make mince-pies doth now appear, So we are come to act our merriment in here.
At the sounding of the trumpet, and beating of the drum, Make room, brave gentlemen, and let our actors come.
We are the merry actors that traverse the street, We are the merry actors that fight for our meat, We are the merry actors that show pleasant play.
Stand forth, St. George, thou champion, and clear the way.
[Trumpet sounds for ST.
GEORGE.]
[ST. GEORGE stands forth and walks up and down with sword on shoulder.]
ST. GEORGE.

But by and by he heard a tremendous grunting and squealing, and then a sudden scampering, like that of small, hard hoofs over a marble floor, while the voices of the mistress and her four handmaidens were screaming all together, in tones of anger and derision.
Eurylochus could not conceive what had happened, unless a drove of swine had broken into the palace, attracted by the smell of the feast.
Chancing to cast his eyes at the fountain, he saw that it did not shift its shape, as formerly, nor looked either like a long-robed man, or a lion, a tiger, a wolf, or an ass.
It looked like nothing but a hog, which lay wallowing in the marble basin, and filled it from brim to brim.
But we must leave the prudent Eurylochus waiting in the outer hall, and follow his friends into the inner secrecy of the palace.
As soon as the beautiful woman saw them, she arose from the loom, as I have told you, and came forward, smiling, and stretching out her hand.
She took the hand of the foremost among them, and bade him and the whole party welcome.
"You have been long expected, my good friends," said she.
"I and my maidens are well acquainted with you, although you do not appear to recognize us.
Look at this piece of tapestry, and judge if your faces must not have been familiar to us."
So the voyagers examined the web of cloth which the beautiful woman had been weaving in her loom; and, to their vast astonishment, they saw their own figures perfectly represented in different colored threads.
It was a life-like picture of their recent adventures, showing them in the cave of Polyphemus, and how they had put out his one great moony eye; while in another part of the tapestry they were untying the leathern bags, puffed out with contrary winds; and farther on, they beheld themselves scampering away from the gigantic king of the Laestrygons, who had caught one of them by the leg.

"I NEVER could speak it!"
"Why?"
inquired Sara, curiously.
Ermengarde shook her head so that the pigtail wobbled.
"You heard me just now," she said.
"I'm always like that.
I can't SAY the words.
They're so queer."
She paused a moment, and then added with a touch of awe in her voice, "You are CLEVER, aren't you?"
Sara looked out of the window into the dingy square, where the sparrows were hopping and twittering on the wet, iron railings and the sooty branches of the trees.
She reflected a few moments.
She had heard it said very often that she was "clever," and she wondered if she was and IF she was, how it had happened.

Eph had asked of the committeeman who acted as bearer.
"Guess I'll have to," replied the other.
"I've wound it up tight, put 'most a pint of kerosene in it, and shook it till I'm dizzy, and it won't tick a bit.
Guess the old clock's done for."
"Now see here," said Eph; "you just let me have a try at it.
Let me take it home a spell."
"Oh, for that matter I'll give it to you," the committeeman replied.
"We've bought another for the schoolhouse."
A day or two after the old clock ticked away as soberly as ever on the wall of the Todd kitchen.
"Took it home and boiled it in potash," Eph used to say; "and there it is, just as good as it was thirty years ago."
This was true, with restrictions, for enough enamel was gone from the face to make the exact location of the hour an uncertain thing; and there were days, when the wind was in the east, when the hour hand needed periodical assistance.
"It wasn't much of a job," as Eph said, "to reach up once an hour and send the hand along one space, and Aunt Tildy had to have something to look forward to."

THE GOOSE-GIRL 
Once upon a time an old queen, whose husband had been dead for many years, had a beautiful daughter.
When she grew up she was betrothed to a prince who lived a great way off.
Now, when the time drew near for her to be married and to depart into a foreign kingdom, her old mother gave her much costly baggage, and many ornaments, gold and silver, trinkets and knicknacks, and, in fact, everything that belonged to a royal trousseau, for she loved her daughter very dearly.
She gave her a waiting-maid also, who was to ride with her and hand her over to the bridegroom, and she provided each of them with a horse for the journey.
Now the Princess’s horse was called Falada, and could speak.
When the hour for departure drew near the old mother went to her bedroom, and taking a small knife she cut her fingers till they bled; then she held a white rag under them, and letting three drops of blood fall into it, she gave it to her daughter, and said: “Dear child, take great care of this rag: it may be of use to you on the journey.”
So they took a sad farewell of each other, and the Princess stuck the rag in front of her dress, mounted her horse, and set forth on the journey to her bridegroom’s kingdom.
After they had ridden for about an hour the Princess began to feel very thirsty, and said to her waiting-maid: “Pray get down and fetch me some water in my golden cup out of yonder stream: I would like a drink.” “If you’re thirsty,” said the maid, “dismount yourself, and lie down by the water and drink; I don’t mean to be your servant any longer.” The Princess was so thirsty that she got down, bent over the stream, and drank, for she wasn’t allowed to drink out of the golden goblet.
As she drank she murmured:
“Oh!
heaven, what am I to do?” and the three drops of blood replied:
  “If your mother only knew,   Her heart would surely break in two.”
But the Princess was meek, and said nothing about her maid’s rude behavior, and quietly mounted her horse again.
They rode on their way for several miles, but the day was hot, and the sun’s rays smote fiercely on them, so that the Princess was soon overcome by thirst again.
And as they passed a brook she called once more to her waiting-maid: “Pray get down and give me a drink from my golden cup,” for she had long ago forgotten her maid’s rude words.
But the waiting-maid replied, more haughtily even than before: “If you want a drink, you can dismount and get it; I don’t mean to be your servant.”
 Then the Princess was compelled by her thirst to get down, and bending over the flowing water she cried and said: “Oh!

It represented a woman extremely young and of a rare beauty.
The face was looking out of the canvas, and the gaze of this picture disturbed the serenity of Coningsby.
On rising to leave the table he said to Mr. Millbank, "By whom is that portrait, sir?"
The countenance of Millbank became disturbed; his expression was agitated, almost angry.
"Oh!
that is by a country artist," he said, "of whom you never heard."
III.
The Course of True Love 
The Princess Colonna resolved that an alliance should take place between Coningsby and her step-daughter.
But the plans of the princess, imparted to Mr. Rigby that she might gain his assistance in achieving them, were doomed to frustration.
Coningsby fell deeply in love with Miss Millbank; and Lord Monmouth himself decided to marry Lucretia.
It was in Paris that Coningsby, on a visit to his grandfather, woke to the knowledge of his love for Edith Millbank.
They met at a brilliant party, Miss Millbank in the care of her aunt, Lady Wallinger.

I saw thee woven in the wood, my mat!
green the first day I brought ye thence; now worn and wilted quite.
Ah me!—not thou nor I can bear the change!
How then, if so be transplanted to yon sky?
Hear I the roaring streams from Pirohitee’s peak of spears, when they leap down the crags and drown the villages?—The blast!
the blast!
Up, spine, and meet it!
(Leaps to his feet.)
PORTUGUESE SAILOR.
How the sea rolls swashing ’gainst the side!
Stand by for reefing, hearties!
the winds are just crossing swords, pell-mell they’ll go lunging presently.

I must take it out, and look through it more carefully."
And with that she coughed and choked and there was the town, on the hillside.
Edmund had run back to the cockatrice, and it had told him what to do.
So before the dragon had time to look through the town again for her drakling, the voice of the drakling itself was heard howling miserably from inside the mountain, because Edmund was pinching its tail as hard as he could in the round iron door, like the one where the men pour the coals out of the sacks into the cellar.
And the dragon heard the voice and said: "Why, whatever's the matter with Baby?
He's not here!"
and made herself thin, and crept into the mountain to find her drakling.
The cockatrice kept on laughing as loud as it could, and Edmund kept on pinching, and presently the great dragon very long and narrow she had made herself found her head where the round hole was with the iron lid.
Her tail was a mile or two off outside the mountain.
When Edmund heard her coming he gave one last nip to the drakling's tail, and then heaved up the lid and stood behind it, so that the dragon could not see him.
Then he loosed the drakling's tail from the hook, and the dragon peeped down the hole just in time to see her drakling's tail disappear down the smooth, slanting shaft with one last squeak of pain.
Whatever may have been the poor dragon's other faults, she was an excellent mother.

Then let us pray that come it may, 
    As come it will for a' that, 
  That sense and worth, o'er a' the earth,     May bear the gree, and a' that.
For a' that, and a' that,     It's coming yet, for a' that, 
  When man to man, the warld o'er,     Shall brothers be for a' that!
ROBERT BURNS 
 
FABLES 
 
FABLES FROM ÆSOP 
 
THE GOOSE THAT LAID GOLDEN EGGS 
There was a man who once had a very handsome goose, that always laid golden eggs.
Now, he thought there must be gold inside of her, so he wrung her neck straightway, and found she was exactly like all other geese.
He thought to find riches, and lost the little he had.
The fable teaches that one who has anything should be content with it, and avoid covetousness, lest he lose what he has.
THE BOYS AND THE FROGS 
A company of idle boys were watching some frogs by the side of a pond, and as fast as any of the frogs lifted their heads the boys would pelt them down again with stones.
"Boys," said one of the frogs, "you forget that, though this may be fun for you, it is death to us."
THE LION AND THE MOUSE 
A mouse happened to run into the mouth of a sleeping lion, who roused himself, caught him, and was just about eating him, when the little fellow begged him to let him go, saying, "If I am saved, I shall be everlastingly grateful."
So, with a smile, the lion let him off.
It befell him not long after to be saved by the mouse's gratitude, for when he was caught by some hunters and bound by ropes to a tree, the mouse, hearing his roaring groans, came and gnawed the ropes, and set him free, saying, "You laughed at me once, as if you could receive no return from me, but now, you see, it is you who have to be grateful to me."
The story shows that there come sudden changes of affairs, when the most powerful owe everything to the weakest.

I'll knock at the door.
No one answers.
Come, Dollie, we'll open the door and walk in.
How nice and warm it is.
There is a good fire in the kitchen stove.
Dollie.
Yes, and I smell something good to eat.
Goldilocks.
Here it is on the table what pretty bowls one, two, three!
I'll taste the porridge in the big bowl first.
O Dollie, it is too hot!
I burned my mouth.

She even sent her father to expostulate with them, but it was of no use.
They had known all along that the Elliotts did not want the festival day put off, but nobody in Colchester minded very much if the Elliotts were a little crossed.
Prudence Ann would not face the reality till after the Sabbath was past.
On that day the expectant bridegroom managed to break his way through the drifts from Hebron, and he was truly grieved, as he should have been, at the very unhappy state of mind of his betrothed.
He avowed himself, however, in a way which augured well for the young people's future, ready to do just what Prudence Ann and her family decided was best.
On Monday morning Mistress Elliott sat down with her unreasonable daughter and had a serious talk with her.
"Now, Prudence Ann," she began, "you must give up crying and fretting.
If you are going to be married on Thursday, we have got a great deal of work to do between now and then.
If you are going to wait till next week, I want to know it.
Of course you can't have a large party, if you choose to be married on the 4th, but we will ask John's folks and Aunt Susanna and Uncle Martin and Parson Camberley and his wife.
We can bake enough for them with what's in the house.
If you wait another week, you can probably have a better party and now you have it all in a nutshell."

Won't mother be pleased?
We will have them for supper.
Gretel.
Let me put the wreath on you!
Hänsel.
No, no!
boys don't wear wreaths.
Put it on your own head.
You shall be queen of the woods.
Gretel.
Then I must have a nosegay, too.
Hänsel.

Whenever he addressed him he lowered his voice.
“Let them alone, you’re too weak now ”
“Yes, directly; I’ll go away directly.
I’ll ”
Suddenly he embraced Muishkin.
“Perhaps you think I am mad, eh?” he asked him, laughing very strangely.
“No, but you ”
“Directly, directly!
Stand still a moment, I wish to look in your eyes; don’t speak stand so let me look at you!
I am bidding farewell to mankind.”
He stood so for ten seconds, gazing at the prince, motionless, deadly pale, his temples wet with perspiration; he held the prince’s hand in a strange grip, as though afraid to let him go.
“Hippolyte, Hippolyte, what is the matter with you?” cried Muishkin.
“Directly!
There, that’s enough.
I’ll lie down directly.
I must drink to the sun’s health.

"If I were in your place I should be frightfully braced.
I consider this pretty soft for you."
He gave a kind of yelp, stared at me for a moment, and then began to talk of New York in a way that reminded me of Jimmy Mundy, the reformer chappie.
Jimmy had just come to New York on a hit-the-trail campaign, and I had popped in at the Garden a couple of days before, for half an hour or so, to hear him.
He had certainly told New York some pretty straight things about itself, having apparently taken a dislike to the place, but, by Jove, you know, dear old Rocky made him look like a publicity agent for the old metrop.!
"Pretty soft!"
he cried.
"To have to come and live in New York!
To have to leave my little cottage and take a stuffy, smelly, over-heated hole of an apartment in this Heaven-forsaken, festering Gehenna.
To have to mix night after night with a mob who think that life is a sort of St.
Vitus's dance, and imagine that they're having a good time because they're making enough noise for six and drinking too much for ten.
I loathe New York, Bertie.
I wouldn't come near the place if I hadn't got to see editors occasionally.

"The mice are enlightened people, and the mouse-king is above them all.
He is therefore capable of making me queen for the sake of truth."
"Your truth is a falsehood," said the mouse who had not yet spoken.
"I can prepare the soup, and I mean to do so."
HOW IT WAS PREPARED 
"I did not travel," said the third mouse, "I stayed in this country; that was the right way.
One gains nothing by traveling.
Everything can be acquired here quite as easily, so I stayed at home.
I have not obtained what I know from supernatural beings; I have neither swallowed it nor learned it from conversing with owls.
I have gained it all from my own reflections and thoughts.
Will you now set the kettle on the fire so?
Now pour the water in, quite full up to the brim; place it on the fire; make up a good blaze; keep it burning, that the water may boil, for it must boil over and over.
There, now I throw in the skewer.

But Laili said she did not care; she must see Prince Majnun.
"Well," said the fakir, "when you come to the Bhagirathi river you will see a big fish, a Rohu; and you must get him to carry you to Prince Majnun's country, or you will never reach it."
She went on and on, and at last she came to the Bhagirathi river.
There was a great big fish called the Rohu fish.
It was yawning just as she got up to it, and she instantly jumped down its throat into its stomach.
All the time she kept saying, "Majnun, Majnun."
At this the Rohu fish was greatly alarmed and swam down the river as fast as he could.
By degrees he got tired and went slower, and a crow came and perched on his back, and said "Caw, caw."
"Oh, Mr. Crow," said the poor fish "do see what is in my stomach that makes such a noise."
"Very well," said the crow, "open your mouth wide, and I'll fly down and see."
So the Rohu opened his jaws and the crow flew down, but he came up again very quickly.
"You have a Rakshas in your stomach," said the crow, and he flew away.

He canvassed his system.
No ailment was found, and he investigated again.
This time he thought he could detect colicky symptoms, and he began to encourage them with considerable hope.
But they soon grew feeble, and presently died wholly away.
He reflected further.
Suddenly he discovered something.
One of his upper front teeth was loose.
This was lucky; he was about to begin to groan, as a “starter,” as he called it, when it occurred to him that if he came into court with that argument, his aunt would pull it out, and that would hurt.
So he thought he would hold the tooth in reserve for the present, and seek further.
Nothing offered for some little time, and then he remembered hearing the doctor tell about a certain thing that laid up a patient for two or three weeks and threatened to make him lose a finger.
So the boy eagerly drew his sore toe from under the sheet and held it up for inspection.
But now he did not know the necessary symptoms.

The Cat continued for two or three months thus to carry his Majesty, from time to time, game of his master’s taking.
One day in particular, when he knew for certain that he was to take the air along the river-side, with his daughter, the most beautiful princess in the world, he said to his master:
“If you will follow my advice your fortune is made.
You have nothing else to do but go and wash yourself in the river, in that part I shall show you, and leave the rest to me.”
The Marquis of Carabas did what the Cat advised him to, without knowing why or wherefore.
While he was washing the King passed by, and the Cat began to cry out:
“Help!
help!
My Lord Marquis of Carabas is going to be drowned.”
At this noise the King put his head out of the coach-window, and, finding it was the Cat who had so often brought him such good game, he commanded his guards to run immediately to the assistance of his Lordship the Marquis of Carabas.
While they were drawing the poor Marquis out of the river, the Cat came up to the coach and told the King that, while his master was washing, there came by some rogues, who went off with his clothes, though he had cried out: “Thieves!
thieves!”
 several times, as loud as he could.
This cunning Cat had hidden them under a great stone.
The King immediately commanded the officers of his wardrobe to run and fetch one of his best suits for the Lord Marquis of Carabas.
The King caressed him after a very extraordinary manner, and as the fine clothes he had given him extremely set off his good mien (for he was well made and very handsome in his person), the King’s daughter took a secret inclination to him, and the Marquis of Carabas had no sooner cast two or three respectful and somewhat tender glances but she fell in love with him to distraction.
The King would needs have him come into the coach and take part of the airing.

There were eight children in the Large Family, and a stout, rosy mother, and a stout, rosy father, and a stout, rosy grandmother, and any number of servants.
The eight children were always either being taken out to walk or to ride in perambulators by comfortable nurses, or they were going to drive with their mamma, or they were flying to the door in the evening to meet their papa and kiss him and dance around him and drag off his overcoat and look in the pockets for packages, or they were crowding about the nursery windows and looking out and pushing each other and laughing in fact, they were always doing something enjoyable and suited to the tastes of a large family.
Sara was quite fond of them, and had given them names out of books quite romantic names.
She called them the Montmorencys when she did not call them the Large Family.
The fat, fair baby with the lace cap was Ethelberta Beauchamp Montmorency; the next baby was Violet Cholmondeley Montmorency; the little boy who could just stagger and who had such round legs was Sydney Cecil Vivian Montmorency; and then came Lilian Evangeline Maud Marion, Rosalind Gladys, Guy Clarence, Veronica Eustacia, and Claude Harold Hector.
One evening a very funny thing happened though, perhaps, in one sense it was not a funny thing at all.
Several of the Montmorencys were evidently going to a children's party, and just as Sara was about to pass the door they were crossing the pavement to get into the carriage which was waiting for them.
Veronica Eustacia and Rosalind Gladys, in white-lace frocks and lovely sashes, had just got in, and Guy Clarence, aged five, was following them.
He was such a pretty fellow and had such rosy cheeks and blue eyes, and such a darling little round head covered with curls, that Sara forgot her basket and shabby cloak altogether in fact, forgot everything but that she wanted to look at him for a moment.
So she paused and looked.
It was Christmas time, and the Large Family had been hearing many stories about children who were poor and had no mammas and papas to fill their stockings and take them to the pantomime children who were, in fact, cold and thinly clad and hungry.
In the stories, kind people sometimes little boys and girls with tender hearts invariably saw the poor children and gave them money or rich gifts, or took them home to beautiful dinners.

A ring is to be got out of the Red Sea.
Come, find some way of doing it.” Then the man with the sharp sight said, “I will see where it is lying,” and looked down into the water and said, “It is sticking there, on a pointed stone.”
The Tall One carried them thither, and said, “I would soon get it out, if I could only see it.” “Oh, is that all!” cried the Stout One, and lay down and put his mouth to the water, on which all the waves fell into it just as if it had been a whirlpool, and he drank up the whole sea till it was as dry as a meadow.
The Tall One stooped down a little, and brought out the ring with his hand.
Then the King’s son rejoiced when he had the ring, and took it to the old Queen.
She was astonished, and said, “Yes, it is the right ring.
Thou hast safely performed the first task, but now comes the second.
Dost thou see the meadow in front of my palace?
Three hundred fat oxen are feeding there, and these must thou eat, skin, hair, bones, horns and all, and down below in my cellar lie three hundred casks of wine, and these thou must drink up as well, and if one hair of the oxen, or one little drop of the wine is left, thy life will be forfeited to me.” “May I invite no guests to this repast?” inquired the prince, “no dinner is good without some company.”
The old woman laughed maliciously, and replied, “Thou mayst invite one for the sake of companionship, but no more.”
The King’s son went to his servants and said to the Stout One, “Thou shalt be my guest to-day, and shalt eat thy fill.” Hereupon the Stout One stretched himself out and ate the three hundred oxen without leaving one single hair, and then he asked if he was to have nothing but his breakfast.
He drank the wine straight from the casks without feeling any need of a glass, and he licked the last drop from his finger-nails.
When the meal was over, the prince went to the old woman, and told her that the second task also was performed.
She wondered at this and said, “No one has ever done so much before, but one task still remains,” and she thought to herself, “Thou shalt not escape me, and wilt not keep thy head on thy shoulders!
This night,” said she, “I will bring my daughter to thee in thy chamber, and thou shalt put thine arms round her, but when you are sitting there together, beware of falling asleep.

Thus a trip to London and the Isle of Wight looked farther and farther away.
After four years they numbered only one hundred and eighty-four, counting immigration and all.
The colony only needed, however, more people and Eastern capital.
It would be well to pause here and remember the annoyances connected with life as a forefather.
Possibly the reader has considered the matter already.
Imagine how nervous one may be waiting in the hall and watching with a keen glance for the approach of the physician who is to announce that one is a forefather.
The amateur forefather of 1620 must have felt proud yet anxious about the clam-yield also, as each new mouth opened on the prospect.
Speaking of clams, it is said by some of the forefathers that the Cape Cod menu did not go beyond codfish croquettes until the beginning of the seventeenth century, when pie was added by act of legislature.
Clams are not so restless if eaten without the brisket, which is said to lie hard on the stomach.
[2]
Salem and Charlestown were started by Governor Endicott, and Boston was founded in 1630.
To these various towns the Puritans flocked, and even now one may be seen in ghostly garments on Thanksgiving Eve flitting here and there turning off the gas in the parlor while the family are at tea, in order to cut down expenses.
Plymouth and Massachusetts Bay Colonies were united in 1692.

Sid noticed that Tom never was coroner at one of these inquiries, though it had been his habit to take the lead in all new enterprises; he noticed, too, that Tom never acted as a witness and that was strange; and Sid did not overlook the fact that Tom even showed a marked aversion to these inquests, and always avoided them when he could.
Sid marvelled, but said nothing.
However, even inquests went out of vogue at last, and ceased to torture Tom's conscience.
Every day or two, during this time of sorrow, Tom watched his opportunity and went to the little grated jail-window and smuggled such small comforts through to the “murderer” as he could get hold of.
The jail was a trifling little brick den that stood in a marsh at the edge of the village, and no guards were afforded for it; indeed, it was seldom occupied.
These offerings greatly helped to ease Tom's conscience.
The villagers had a strong desire to tar-and-feather Injun Joe and ride him on a rail, for body-snatching, but so formidable was his character that nobody could be found who was willing to take the lead in the matter, so it was dropped.
He had been careful to begin both of his inquest-statements with the fight, without confessing the grave-robbery that preceded it; therefore it was deemed wisest not to try the case in the courts at present.
CHAPTER XII 
ONE of the reasons why Tom's mind had drifted away from its secret troubles was, that it had found a new and weighty matter to interest itself about.
Becky Thatcher had stopped coming to school.
Tom had struggled with his pride a few days, and tried to “whistle her down the wind,” but failed.
He began to find himself hanging around her father's house, nights, and feeling very miserable.

And when the flesh had fallen away from the bones, he took out the beautiful white bones, and laid them on a table, and arranged them together in their natural order.
When he had done that, he stepped forward and said three times, “In the name of the holy Trinity, dead woman, arise.” And at the third time, the princess arose, living, healthy and beautiful.
Then the King was in the greatest joy, and said to St. Peter, “Ask for thy reward; even if it were half my kingdom, I would give it thee.” But St. Peter said, “I want nothing for it.” “Oh, thou tomfool!” thought Brother Lustig to himself, and nudged his comrade’s side, and said, “Don’t be so stupid!
If thou hast no need of anything, I have.” St. Peter, however, would have nothing, but as the King saw that the other would very much like to have something, he ordered his treasurer to fill Brother Lustig’s knapsack with gold.
Then they went on their way, and when they came to a forest, St. Peter said to Brother Lustig, “Now, we will divide the gold.” “Yes,” he replied, “we will.” So St. Peter divided the gold, and divided it into three heaps.
Brother Lustig thought to himself, “What craze has he got in his head now?
He is making three shares, and there are only two of us!” But St. Peter said, “I have divided it exactly; there is one share for me, one for thee, and one for him who ate the lamb’s heart.”
“Oh, I ate that!” replied Brother Lustig, and hastily swept up the gold.
“You may trust what I say.” “But how can that be true,” said St.
Peter, “when a lamb has no heart?” “Eh, what, brother, what can you be thinking of?
Lambs have hearts like other animals, why should only they have none?” “Well, so be it,” said St. Peter, “keep the gold to yourself, but I will stay with you no longer; I will go my way alone.”
“As you like, dear brother,” answered Brother Lustig.
“Farewell.”
Then St. Peter went a different road, but Brother Lustig thought, “It is a good thing that he has taken himself off, he is certainly a strange saint, after all.” Then he had money enough, but did not know how to manage it, squandered it, gave it away, and and when some time had gone by, once more had nothing.
Then he arrived in a certain country where he heard that a King’s daughter was dead.
“Oh, ho!”
thought he, “that may be a good thing for me; I will bring her to life again, and see that I am paid as I ought to be.” So he went to the King, and offered to raise the dead girl to life again.

"Then, if you don't mind, I'll go with you," said the Lion, "for my life is simply unbearable without a bit of courage."
"You will be very welcome," answered Dorothy, "for you will help to keep away the other wild beasts.
It seems to me they must be more cowardly than you are if they allow you to scare them so easily."
"They really are," said the Lion, "but that doesn't make me any braver, and as long as I know myself to be a coward I shall be unhappy."
So once more the little company set off upon the journey, the Lion walking with stately strides at Dorothy's side.
Toto did not approve of this new comrade at first, for he could not forget how nearly he had been crushed between the Lion's great jaws.
But after a time he became more at ease, and presently Toto and the Cowardly Lion had grown to be good friends.
During the rest of that day there was no other adventure to mar the peace of their journey.
Once, indeed, the Tin Woodman stepped upon a beetle that was crawling along the road, and killed the poor little thing.
This made the Tin Woodman very unhappy, for he was always careful not to hurt any living creature; and as he walked along he wept several tears of sorrow and regret.
These tears ran slowly down his face and over the hinges of his jaw, and there they rusted.
When Dorothy presently asked him a question the Tin Woodman could not open his mouth, for his jaws were tightly rusted together.

Fix up his affairs and have a pleasant holiday simultaneously.
So George had tagged along, and at the time when the trouble started we were anchored in Monaco Harbour, and Uncle Augustus was due next day.
Looking back, I may say that, so far as I was mixed up in it, the thing began at seven o'clock in the morning, when I was aroused from a dreamless sleep by the dickens of a scrap in progress outside my state-room door.
The chief ingredients were a female voice that sobbed and said: "Oh, Harold!"
and a male voice "raised in anger," as they say, which after considerable difficulty, I identified as Voules's.
I hardly recognized it.
In his official capacity Voules talks exactly like you'd expect a statue to talk, if it could.
In private, however, he evidently relaxed to some extent, and to have that sort of thing going on in my midst at that hour was too much for me.
"Voules!"
I yelled.
Spion Kop ceased with a jerk.
There was silence, then sobs diminishing in the distance, and finally a tap at the door.

So they kept walking until Dorothy could stand no longer.
Her eyes closed in spite of herself and she forgot where she was and fell among the poppies, fast asleep.
"What shall we do?"
asked the Tin Woodman.
"If we leave her here she will die," said the Lion.
"The smell of the flowers is killing us all.
I myself can scarcely keep my eyes open, and the dog is asleep already."
It was true; Toto had fallen down beside his little mistress.
But the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman, not being made of flesh, were not troubled by the scent of the flowers.
"Run fast," said the Scarecrow to the Lion, "and get out of this deadly flower bed as soon as you can.
We will bring the little girl with us, but if you should fall asleep you are too big to be carried."
So the Lion aroused himself and bounded forward as fast as he could go.

Just as he was on the point of being eaten, the Crab said, “I well deserve my fate, for what business had I on the land, when by my nature and habits I am only adapted for the sea?”
Contentment with our lot is an element of happiness.
The Woman and Her Hen 
A WOMAN possessed a Hen that gave her an egg every day.
She often pondered how she might obtain two eggs daily instead of one, and at last, to gain her purpose, determined to give the Hen a double allowance of barley.
From that day the Hen became fat and sleek, and never once laid another egg.
The Ass and the Old Shepherd 
A SHEPHERD, watching his Ass feeding in a meadow, was alarmed all of a sudden by the cries of the enemy.
He appealed to the Ass to fly with him, lest they should both be captured, but the animal lazily replied, “Why should I, pray?
Do you think it likely the conqueror will place on me two sets of panniers?” “No,” rejoined the Shepherd.
“Then,” said the Ass, “as long as I carry the panniers, what matters it to me whom I serve?”
In a change of government the poor change nothing beyond the name of their master.
The Kites and the Swans 
TEE KITES of olden times, as well as the Swans, had the privilege of song.
But having heard the neigh of the horse, they were so enchanted with the sound, that they tried to imitate it; and, in trying to neigh, they forgot how to sing.
The desire for imaginary benefits often involves the loss of present blessings.
The Wolves and the Sheepdogs 
THE WOLVES thus addressed the Sheepdogs: “Why should you, who are like us in so many things, not be entirely of one mind with us, and live with us as brothers should?

You shall see; the old soldier shall lay bare this intrigue, or a shameless woman will force her way into a respectable and noble family.”
“Yes, quite so.
I wished to ask you whether you could show me the way to Nastasia Philipovna’s tonight.
I must go; I have business with her; I was not invited but I was introduced.
Anyhow I am ready to trespass the laws of propriety if only I can get in somehow or other.”
“My dear young friend, you have hit on my very idea.
It was not for this rubbish I asked you to come over here” (he pocketed the money, however, at this point), “it was to invite your alliance in the campaign against Nastasia Philipovna tonight.
How well it sounds, ‘General Ivolgin and Prince Muishkin.’ That’ll fetch her, I think, eh?
Capital!
We’ll go at nine; there’s time yet.”
“Where does she live?”
“Oh, a long way off, near the Great Theatre, just in the square there It won’t be a large party.”
The general sat on and on.
He had ordered a fresh bottle when the prince arrived; this took him an hour to drink, and then he had another, and another, during the consumption of which he told pretty nearly the whole story of his life.
The prince was in despair.
He felt that though he had but applied to this miserable old drunkard because he saw no other way of getting to Nastasia Philipovna’s, yet he had been very wrong to put the slightest confidence in such a man.
At last he rose and declared that he would wait no longer.

The following day the King’s daughter asked the gardener about his boy.
“He is at work in the garden; the queer creature has been at the festival too, and only came home yesterday evening; he has likewise shown my children three golden apples which he has won.”
The King had him summoned into his presence, and he came and again had his little cap on his head.
But the King’s daughter went up to him and took it off, and then his golden hair fell down over his shoulders, and he was so handsome that all were amazed.
“Art thou the knight who came every day to the festival, always in different colours, and who caught the three golden apples?” asked the King.
“Yes,” answered he, “and here the apples are,” and he took them out of his pocket, and returned them to the King.
“If you desire further proof, you may see the wound which your people gave me when they followed me.
But I am likewise the knight who helped you to your victory over your enemies.” “If thou canst perform such deeds as that, thou art no gardener’s boy; tell me, who is thy father?” “My father is a mighty King, and gold have I in plenty as great as I require.” “I well see,” said the King, “that I owe thanks to thee; can I do anything to please thee?” “Yes,” answered he, “that indeed you can.
Give me your daughter to wife.” The maiden laughed, and said, “He does not stand much on ceremony, but I have already seen by his golden hair that he was no gardener’s boy,” and then she went and kissed him.
His father and mother came to the wedding, and were in great delight, for they had given up all hope of ever seeing their dear son again.
And as they were sitting at the marriage-feast, the music suddenly stopped, the doors opened, and a stately King came in with a great retinue.
He went up to the youth, embraced him and said, “I am Iron John, and was by enchantment a wild man, but thou hast set me free; all the treasures which I possess, shall be thy property.”
137 The Three Black Princesses 
East India was besieged by an enemy who would not retire until he had received six hundred dollars.
Then the townsfolk caused it to be proclaimed by beat of drum that whosoever was able to procure the money should be burgomaster.

he continued.
"Since I have known you, I have been troubled by a remorse that I thought would never reproach me again.
A dream, all a dream, that ends in nothing; but let me carry through the rest of my misdirected life the remembrance that I opened my heart to you, last of all the world."
"Mr. Carton," she answered, after an agitated pause, "I promise to respect your secret."
"God bless you!
My last application is this, that you will believe that for you, and for any dear to you, I would do anything.
Oh, Miss Manette, think now and then that there is a man who would give his life to keep a life you love beside you!"
He said "farewell!"
and left her.
A wonderful corner for echoes was the quiet street-corner near Soho Square, where Dr. Manette lived with his daughter and her husband.
But Lucie heard in the echoes none but friendly and soothing sounds.
Her husband's step was strong and prosperous among them; her father's firm and equal.

said the Goblin, "don't stare at things that don't concern you."
But the Tin Soldier pretended not to hear him.
"Just you wait till to-morrow!"
said the Goblin.
But when the morning came, and the children got up, the Tin Soldier was placed in the window; and whether it was the Goblin or the draught that did it, all at once the window flew open, and the Soldier fell head over heels out of the third story.
That was a terrible passage!
He put his leg straight up, and stuck with helmet downward and his bayonet between the paving-stones.
The servant-maid and the little boy came down directly to look for him, but though they almost trod upon him, they could not see him.
If the Soldier had cried out "Here I am!"
they would have found him; but he did not think it fitting to call out loudly, because he was in uniform.
Now it began to rain; the drops soon fell thicker, and at last it came down into a complete stream.
When the rain was past, two street boys came by.

The cellar had been well banked from the outside, and its darksome cavern held good store of apples, pork, and potatoes.
There was dried beef in the stairway, squashes in the cupboard, flour in the pantry, and the great gentle black cow in the barn was a wonderful milker.
In three weeks Thanksgiving would come, and even Hannah's brave heart sank as she thought of her absent husband and boys; and their weary faces rose up before her as she numbered over to herself her own causes for thankfulness, as if to say: "Can you keep Thanksgiving without us?"
Poor Hannah!
She did her best to set these thankless thoughts aside, but almost dreaded the coming festival.
One night, as she sat knitting by the fire, a special messenger from Litchfield rode up to the door and brought stirring news.
Master Loomis's mother was dead, and the master himself, seeing there was a new levy of troops, was now going to the war.
But before he went there was to be a wedding, and, in the good old fashion, it should be on Thanksgiving Day, and Madam Everett had bidden as many of Sylvy's people to the feast as would come.
There was great excitement as Hannah read aloud the madam's note.
The tribe of Perkins shouted for joy, but a sudden chill fell on them when mother spoke:
"Now, children, hush up!
I want to speak myself, ef it's a possible thing to git in a word edgeways.
We can't all go, fust and foremost.

Be sharp.”
In a moment they were as busy as tailors the night before a wedding.
They skurried this way and that, down for bedding, up for firewood, and while they were at it, who should appear but John and Michael.
As they dragged along the ground they fell asleep standing, stopped, woke up, moved another step and slept again.
“John, John,” Michael would cry, “wake up!
Where is Nana, John, and mother?”
And then John would rub his eyes and mutter, “It is true, we did fly.”
You may be sure they were very relieved to find Peter.
“Hullo, Peter,” they said.
“Hullo,” replied Peter amicably, though he had quite forgotten them.
He was very busy at the moment measuring Wendy with his feet to see how large a house she would need.
Of course he meant to leave room for chairs and a table.
John and Michael watched him.
“Is Wendy asleep?” they asked.
“Yes.”
“John,” Michael proposed, “let us wake her and get her to make supper for us,” but as he said it some of the other boys rushed on carrying branches for the building of the house.

How shall I ever forget that dreadful vigil?
I could not hear a sound, not even the drawing of a breath, and yet I knew that my companion sat open-eyed, within a few feet of me, in the same state of nervous tension in which I was myself.
The shutters cut off the least ray of light, and we waited in absolute darkness.
From outside came the occasional cry of a night-bird, and once at our very window a long drawn catlike whine, which told us that the cheetah was indeed at liberty.
Far away we could hear the deep tones of the parish clock, which boomed out every quarter of an hour.
How long they seemed, those quarters!
Twelve struck, and one and two and three, and still we sat waiting silently for whatever might befall.
Suddenly there was the momentary gleam of a light up in the direction of the ventilator, which vanished immediately, but was succeeded by a strong smell of burning oil and heated metal.
Someone in the next room had lit a dark-lantern.
I heard a gentle sound of movement, and then all was silent once more, though the smell grew stronger.
For half an hour I sat with straining ears.
Then suddenly another sound became audible—a very gentle, soothing sound, like that of a small jet of steam escaping continually from a kettle.

Aglaya, come here kiss me, dear, you recited beautifully!
but,”
 she added in a whisper, “if you were sincere I am sorry for you.
If it was a joke, I do not approve of the feelings which prompted you to do it, and in any case you would have done far better not to recite it at all.
Do you understand?
Now come along, young woman; we’ve sat here too long.
I’ll speak to you about this another time.”
Meanwhile the prince took the opportunity of greeting General Epanchin, and the general introduced Evgenie Pavlovitch to him.
“I caught him up on the way to your house,” explained the general.
“He had heard that we were all here.”
“Yes, and I heard that you were here, too,” added Evgenie Pavlovitch; “and since I had long promised myself the pleasure of seeking not only your acquaintance but your friendship, I did not wish to waste time, but came straight on.
I am sorry to hear that you are unwell.”
“Oh, but I’m quite well now, thank you, and very glad to make your acquaintance.
Prince S. has often spoken to me about you,” said Muishkin, and for an instant the two men looked intently into one another’s eyes.
The prince remarked that Evgenie Pavlovitch’s plain clothes had evidently made a great impression upon the company present, so much so that all other interests seemed to be effaced before this surprising fact.
His change of dress was evidently a matter of some importance.

To this day, I feel a cold shudder at the thought of what would have happened if I had fired my revolver in their midst.
Talk of past murders on that lonely Siberian road!
Picnics compared to what mine would have been!
Windswept, bleak and ragged, savagely beautiful in their utter desolation, the mighty shores of Labrador tower over the racing tides of Hudson Straits.
Far out on the horizon a bank of mist hangs low, blending itself with the steel grey of the sea.
Close by at the foot of the cliffs, a line of white foam everlastingly coils and uncoils itself, surging angrily against the glittering walls of granite.
In between, scattered over the grey waters, hundreds of icebergs are floating.
In all shapes and sizes, these grim fragments of the eternal Arctic glaciers seem to keep guard over the sea.
Like sentinels on the edge of the Polar regions they drift slowly back and forth in the Straits, obedient to tide and wind, leaving behind them a long wake of swirling eddies and floating cakes of ice.
Above all a grey, cloudless, cold sky.
Everywhere silence.
A silence which grips one’s heart.

There were, however, many adventures which she knew to be true because she was in them herself, and there were still more that were at least partly true, for the other boys were in them and said they were wholly true.
To describe them all would require a book as large as an English-Latin, Latin-English Dictionary, and the most we can do is to give one as a specimen of an average hour on the island.
The difficulty is which one to choose.
Should we take the brush with the redskins at Slightly Gulch?
It was a sanguinary affair, and especially interesting as showing one of Peter's peculiarities, which was that in the middle of a fight he would suddenly change sides.
At the Gulch, when victory was still in the balance, sometimes leaning this way and sometimes that, he called out, “I'm redskin to-day; what are you, Tootles?” And Tootles answered, “Redskin; what are you, Nibs?” and Nibs said, “Redskin; what are you Twin?” and so on; and they were all redskins; and of course this would have ended the fight had not the real redskins fascinated by Peter's methods, agreed to be lost boys for that once, and so at it they all went again, more fiercely than ever.
The extraordinary upshot of this adventure was but we have not decided yet that this is the adventure we are to narrate.
Perhaps a better one would be the night attack by the redskins on the house under the ground, when several of them stuck in the hollow trees and had to be pulled out like corks.
Or we might tell how Peter saved Tiger Lily's life in the Mermaids' Lagoon, and so made her his ally.
Or we could tell of that cake the pirates cooked so that the boys might eat it and perish; and how they placed it in one cunning spot after another; but always Wendy snatched it from the hands of her children, so that in time it lost its succulence, and became as hard as a stone, and was used as a missile, and Hook fell over it in the dark.
Or suppose we tell of the birds that were Peter's friends, particularly of the Never bird that built in a tree overhanging the lagoon, and how the nest fell into the water, and still the bird sat on her eggs, and Peter gave orders that she was not to be disturbed.
That is a pretty story, and the end shows how grateful a bird can be; but if we tell it we must also tell the whole adventure of the lagoon, which would of course be telling two adventures rather than just one.

Tom was therefore elevated to a place with the Judge and the other elect, and the great news was announced from headquarters.
It was the most stunning surprise of the decade, and so profound was the sensation that it lifted the new hero up to the judicial one's altitude, and the school had two marvels to gaze upon in place of one.
The boys were all eaten up with envy but those that suffered the bitterest pangs were those who perceived too late that they themselves had contributed to this hated splendor by trading tickets to Tom for the wealth he had amassed in selling whitewashing privileges.
These despised themselves, as being the dupes of a wily fraud, a guileful snake in the grass.
The prize was delivered to Tom with as much effusion as the superintendent could pump up under the circumstances; but it lacked somewhat of the true gush, for the poor fellow's instinct taught him that there was a mystery here that could not well bear the light, perhaps; it was simply preposterous that this boy had warehoused two thousand sheaves of Scriptural wisdom on his premises a dozen would strain his capacity, without a doubt.
Amy Lawrence was proud and glad, and she tried to make Tom see it in her face but he wouldn't look.
She wondered; then she was just a grain troubled; next a dim suspicion came and went came again; she watched; a furtive glance told her worlds and then her heart broke, and she was jealous, and angry, and the tears came and she hated everybody.
Tom most of all (she thought).
Tom was introduced to the Judge; but his tongue was tied, his breath would hardly come, his heart quaked partly because of the awful greatness of the man, but mainly because he was her parent.
He would have liked to fall down and worship him, if it were in the dark.
The Judge put his hand on Tom's head and called him a fine little man, and asked him what his name was.
The boy stammered, gasped, and got it out:
“Tom.”
“Oh, no, not Tom it is ”
“Thomas.”
“Ah, that's it.

"The remedy is simple, if they but knew it.
You have only to gather the refuse from an eagle's nest, add water to it, and apply it to the hurt, when, after three applications, the glass will come away, and the flesh speedily heal."
This conversation was eagerly listened to by the Princess; and afterwards she carefully gathered the refuse beside the eagle's nest, and again started with all haste on her journey.
Arrived at the town, she began to cry in the streets, "A Hakeem, a Hakeem!"
(or doctor), and was instantly summoned to the King's Palace; for he had promised even to give up his kingdom to any one who would save his son.
So the Princess in this disguise hastened into the King's presence, and there arranged to treat the Prince, on condition that no other remedy should be tried by others at the same time.
At the first application of her remedy small pieces of glass were seen to drop out, at the second, still more, and, at the last, all fell out, and not one was left!
This gave the Prince such relief that he opened his eyes and regained consciousness, but did not recognise in the new Hakeem, dressed as a Fakir, his former friend, the Princess.
At last he got well, and was able to leave his room, so the Princess went to the Rajah, and begged permission to return to her own country.
"Return to your country when I can give you land and riches and honour here!
Why need you do that?
Ask me for anything, O wise Hakeem, even for my throne and my kingdom, and you shall have it."

"You have deceived me," said Mr. Pecksniff.
"You have imposed upon a nature which you knew to be confiding and unsuspicious.
This lowly roof, sir, must not be contaminated by the presence of one who has, further, deceived and cruelly deceived an honourable and venerable gentleman, and who wisely suppressed that deceit from me when he sought my protection.
I weep for your depravity.
I mourn over your corruption, but I cannot have a leper and a serpent for an inmate!
Go forth," said Mr.
Pecksniff, stretching out his hand, "go forth, young man!
Like all who know you, I renounce you!"
Martin made a stride forward at these words, and Mr. Pecksniff stepped back so hastily that he missed his footing, tumbled over a chair, and fell in a sitting posture on the ground, where he remained, perhaps considering it the safest place.
"Look at him, Pinch," said Martin, "as he lies there a cloth for dirty hands, a mat for dirty feet, a lying, fawning, servile hound!
And, mark me, Pinch, the day will come when even you will find him out!"
He pointed at him as he spoke with unutterable contempt, and flinging his hat upon his head, walked from the house.
He went on so rapidly that he was clear of the village before Tom Pinch overtook him.

"Aren't you glad I came?
I'm glad you were here.
How I shall get up?
Stand on your hump?
isn't it nice you have a hump, dwarf?
was it made for little girls to stand up on?
did you have them make it?
did you think about little girls when you had it made?
do you like to have it for me to stand on?
can I jump up and down on it?"
Standing on the hump, which certainly made an excellent thing to stand on, she could grasp the lowest branch of the tree.
Could she put her arms round that and hang for just a moment?

When last we saw him he was stealing across the island with one finger to his lips and his dagger at the ready.
He had seen the crocodile pass by without noticing anything peculiar about it, but by and by he remembered that it had not been ticking.
At first he thought this eerie, but soon concluded rightly that the clock had run down.
Without giving a thought to what might be the feelings of a fellow-creature thus abruptly deprived of its closest companion, Peter began to consider how he could turn the catastrophe to his own use; and he decided to tick, so that wild beasts should believe he was the crocodile and let him pass unmolested.
He ticked superbly, but with one unforeseen result.
The crocodile was among those who heard the sound, and it followed him, though whether with the purpose of regaining what it had lost, or merely as a friend under the belief that it was again ticking itself, will never be certainly known, for, like slaves to a fixed idea, it was a stupid beast.
Peter reached the shore without mishap, and went straight on, his legs encountering the water as if quite unaware that they had entered a new element.
Thus many animals pass from land to water, but no other human of whom I know.
As he swam he had but one thought: “Hook or me this time.” He had ticked so long that he now went on ticking without knowing that he was doing it.
Had he known he would have stopped, for to board the brig by help of the tick, though an ingenious idea, had not occurred to him.
On the contrary, he thought he had scaled her side as noiseless as a mouse; and he was amazed to see the pirates cowering from him, with Hook in their midst as abject as if he had heard the crocodile.
The crocodile!

Have you any idea why the king wanted the servant sent to him?
16.
From what the story tells you so far, do you think Prasnajit was a good ruler of his kingdom?
When Matri-Datta told his servant that he was to go to the palace to see the king, the man was dreadfully frightened, and begged his master not to make him go.
This made Matri-Datta pretty sure that he had done something wrong and was afraid of being found out.
"Go at once," he said, "and whatever you do, speak the truth to the king.
That will be your only chance if you have offended him."
Again and again the servant entreated Matri-Datta not to insist, and when he found it was no good, he asked him at least to come with him to the palace and plead for him with Prasnajit.
The merchant knew then for certain that something was seriously wrong, and he consented to go to the palace with his servant, partly out of curiosity and partly out of fear for himself.
When the two got to the palace, the attendants at once led the servant to the presence of the king, but they would not let the master go with him.
Directly the servant entered the room and saw the king sitting on his throne, he fell upon his face at the foot of the steps, crying, "Mercy!
mercy!"

Then he flew gently round the bed, fanning the boy’s forehead with his wings.
“How cool I feel,” said the boy, “I must be getting better”; and he sank into a delicious slumber.
Then the Swallow flew back to the Happy Prince, and told him what he had done.
“It is curious,” he remarked, “but I feel quite warm now, although it is so cold.”
“That is because you have done a good action,” said the Prince.
And the little Swallow began to think, and then he fell asleep.
Thinking always made him sleepy.
When day broke he flew down to the river and had a bath.
“What a remarkable phenomenon,” said the Professor of Ornithology as he was passing over the bridge.
“A swallow in winter!”  And he wrote a long letter about it to the local newspaper.
Every one quoted it, it was full of so many words that they could not understand.
“To-night I go to Egypt,” said the Swallow, and he was in high spirits at the prospect.
He visited all the public monuments, and sat a long time on top of the church steeple.

He ran to the north side of the pond, and turning himself around three times, he repeated the charm.
Then he looked in and saw himself.
"Why, there's no one but myself.
I can't think of the right word.
What can it be?
I'll go back and ask the Old Owl," thought Tommy.
And back he went.
There sat the Owl as before.
"Oo-hoo," said she, as Tommy climbed up.
"Did you find out the word?"
"No," said Tommy, "I could find no word that rhymes with 'elf' except 'myself.'"
"Well, that is the word!

Hako was delighted that the Empress's choice should fall on him, and he prepared himself for battle.
He took up the longest lance he could find and mounted a red horse, and was just about to set out when he heard some one galloping hard behind him and shouting:
"Hako!
Stop!
The general of the front forces must be I!"
He looked back and saw Eiko his comrade, riding on a white horse, in the act of unsheathing a large sword to draw upon him.
Hako's anger was kindled, and as he turned to face his rival he cried:
"Insolent wretch!
I have been appointed by the Empress to lead the front forces to battle.
Do you dare to stop me?"
"Yes," answered Eiko.
"I ought to lead the army.
It is you who should follow me."
At this bold reply Hako's anger burst from a spark into a flame.

‘Put me in my coffin first and then into my grave, and then you may marry my daughter to whomsoever you please,’ so I said to the general this very morning.
You see how I trust you, my boy.”
“Yes, I see and understand.”
Mrs. Epanchin gazed keenly into the prince’s eyes.
She was anxious to see what impression the news as to Evgenie Pavlovitch had made upon him.
“Do you know anything about Gavrila Ardalionovitch?” she asked at last.
“Oh yes, I know a good deal.”
“Did you know he had communications with Aglaya?”
“No, I didn’t,” said the prince, trembling a little, and in great agitation.
“You say Gavrila Ardalionovitch has private communications with Aglaya?
Impossible!”
“Only quite lately.
His sister has been working like a rat to clear the way for him all the winter.”
“I don’t believe it!” said the prince abruptly, after a short pause.
“Had it been so I should have known long ago.”
“Oh, of course, yes; he would have come and wept out his secret on your bosom.
Oh, you simpleton you simpleton!
Anyone can deceive you and take you in like a like a, aren’t you ashamed to trust him?
Can’t you see that he humbugs you just as much as ever he pleases?”
“I know very well that he does deceive me occasionally, and he knows that I know it, but ” The prince did not finish his sentence.

Furthermore, you are now to consider that only in the extreme, lower, backward sloping part of the front of the head, is there the slightest vestige of bone; and not till you get near twenty feet from the forehead do you come to the full cranial development.
So that this whole enormous boneless mass is as one wad.
Finally, though, as will soon be revealed, its contents partly comprise the most delicate oil; yet, you are now to be apprised of the nature of the substance which so impregnably invests all that apparent effeminacy.
In some previous place I have described to you how the blubber wraps the body of the whale, as the rind wraps an orange.
Just so with the head; but with this difference: about the head this envelope, though not so thick, is of a boneless toughness, inestimable by any man who has not handled it.
The severest pointed harpoon, the sharpest lance darted by the strongest human arm, impotently rebounds from it.
It is as though the forehead of the Sperm Whale were paved with horses’ hoofs.
I do not think that any sensation lurks in it.
Bethink yourself also of another thing.
When two large, loaded Indiamen chance to crowd and crush towards each other in the docks, what do the sailors do?
They do not suspend between them, at the point of coming contact, any merely hard substance, like iron or wood.
No, they hold there a large, round wad of tow and cork, enveloped in the thickest and toughest of ox-hide.

Hook, scarcely his inferior in brilliancy, but not quite so nimble in wrist play, forced him back by the weight of his onset, hoping suddenly to end all with a favourite thrust, taught him long ago by Barbecue at Rio; but to his astonishment he found this thrust turned aside again and again.
Then he sought to close and give the quietus with his iron hook, which all this time had been pawing the air; but Peter doubled under it and, lunging fiercely, pierced him in the ribs.
At the sight of his own blood, whose peculiar colour, you remember, was offensive to him, the sword fell from Hook's hand, and he was at Peter's mercy.
“Now!” cried all the boys, but with a magnificent gesture Peter invited his opponent to pick up his sword.
Hook did so instantly, but with a tragic feeling that Peter was showing good form.
Hitherto he had thought it was some fiend fighting him, but darker suspicions assailed him now.
“Pan, who and what art thou?” he cried huskily.
“I'm youth, I'm joy,” Peter answered at a venture, “I'm a little bird that has broken out of the egg.”
This, of course, was nonsense; but it was proof to the unhappy Hook that Peter did not know in the least who or what he was, which is the very pinnacle of good form.
“To't again,” he cried despairingly.
He fought now like a human flail, and every sweep of that terrible sword would have severed in twain any man or boy who obstructed it; but Peter fluttered round him as if the very wind it made blew him out of the danger zone.
And again and again he darted in and pricked.
Hook was fighting now without hope.

Only Melchisedec saw and heard it; and he was so much alarmed and mystified that he scuttled back to his hole and hid there, and really quaked and trembled as he peeped out furtively and with great caution to watch what was going on.
The attic had been very still all the day after Sara had left it in the early morning.
The stillness had only been broken by the pattering of the rain upon the slates and the skylight.
Melchisedec had, in fact, found it rather dull; and when the rain ceased to patter and perfect silence reigned, he decided to come out and reconnoiter, though experience taught him that Sara would not return for some time.
He had been rambling and sniffing about, and had just found a totally unexpected and unexplained crumb left from his last meal, when his attention was attracted by a sound on the roof.
He stopped to listen with a palpitating heart.
The sound suggested that something was moving on the roof.
It was approaching the skylight; it reached the skylight.
The skylight was being mysteriously opened.
A dark face peered into the attic; then another face appeared behind it, and both looked in with signs of caution and interest.
Two men were outside on the roof, and were making silent preparations to enter through the skylight itself.
One was Ram Dass and the other was a young man who was the Indian gentleman's secretary; but of course Melchisedec did not know this.

What news of Shere Khan?”
“He has come back to this country, and has waited here a long time for thee.
Now he has gone off again, for the game is scarce.
But he means to kill thee.”
“Very good,” said Mowgli.
“So long as he is away do thou or one of the four brothers sit on that rock, so that I can see thee as I come out of the village.
When he comes back wait for me in the ravine by the dhak tree in the center of the plain.
We need not walk into Shere Khan’s mouth.”
Then Mowgli picked out a shady place, and lay down and slept while the buffaloes grazed round him.
Herding in India is one of the laziest things in the world.
The cattle move and crunch, and lie down, and move on again, and they do not even low.
They only grunt, and the buffaloes very seldom say anything, but get down into the muddy pools one after another, and work their way into the mud till only their noses and staring china-blue eyes show above the surface, and then they lie like logs.
The sun makes the rocks dance in the heat, and the herd children hear one kite (never any more) whistling almost out of sight overhead, and they know that if they died, or a cow died, that kite would sweep down, and the next kite miles away would see him drop and follow, and the next, and the next, and almost before they were dead there would be a score of hungry kites come out of nowhere.
Then they sleep and wake and sleep again, and weave little baskets of dried grass and put grasshoppers in them; or catch two praying mantises and make them fight; or string a necklace of red and black jungle nuts; or watch a lizard basking on a rock, or a snake hunting a frog near the wallows.
Then they sing long, long songs with odd native quavers at the end of them, and the day seems longer than most people’s whole lives, and perhaps they make a mud castle with mud figures of men and horses and buffaloes, and put reeds into the men’s hands, and pretend that they are kings and the figures are their armies, or that they are gods to be worshiped.

She looked up, and there on the other side of the fence was a very handsome young man seated on a great black horse, which he had reined up when he caught sight of her.
He looked at her without speaking, and she looked back at him with her big black eyes full of surprise at his sudden appearance.
She made a beautiful picture, with the green creepers covering the hut behind her, and the doe, which had started up in fear of the horse, pressing against her.
The man was the king of the country, whose name was Dridha-Varman.
He had been hunting and had got separated from his attendants.
He was very much surprised to find anyone living in the very depths of the forest, and was going to ask the young girl who she was, when Kadali-Garbha saw her father coming along the path leading to his home.
Jumping up, she ran to meet him, glad that he had come; for she had never before seen a young man and was as shy as any of the wild creatures of the woods.
Now that Mana Kanaka was with her, she got over her fright, and felt quite safe, clinging to his arm as he and the king talked together.
3.
Can you describe just how Kadali-Garbha felt when she saw the king?
4.
Do you think it would have been a good or a bad thing for her to live all the rest of her life in the forest?

The devil came for the third time, but she had wept so long and so much on the stumps, that after all they were quite clean.
Then he had to give in, and had lost all right over her.
The miller said to her, “I have by means of thee received such great wealth that I will keep thee most delicately as long as thou livest.”
But she replied, “Here I cannot stay, I will go forth, compassionate people will give me as much as I require.” Thereupon she caused her maimed arms to be bound to her back, and by sunrise she set out on her way, and walked the whole day until night fell.
Then she came to a royal garden, and by the shimmering of the moon she saw that trees covered with beautiful fruits grew in it, but she could not enter, for there was much water round about it.
And as she had walked the whole day and not eaten one mouthful, and hunger tormented her, she thought, “Ah, if I were but inside, that I might eat of the fruit, else must I die of hunger!” Then she knelt down, called on God the Lord, and prayed.
And suddenly an angel came towards her, who made a dam in the water, so that the moat became dry and she could walk through it.
And now she went into the garden and the angel went with her.
She saw a tree covered with beautiful pears, but they were all counted.
Then she went to them, and to still her hunger, ate one with her mouth from the tree, but no more.
The gardener was watching; but as the angel was standing by, he was afraid and thought the maiden was a spirit, and was silent, neither did he dare to cry out, or to speak to the spirit.
When she had eaten the pear, she was satisfied, and went and concealed herself among the bushes.
The King to whom the garden belonged, came down to it next morning, and counted, and saw that one of the pears was missing, and asked the gardener what had become of it, as it was not lying beneath the tree, but was gone.

“Ready!” cried the squire.
“Hold!” cried the captain, quick as an echo.
And he and Redruth backed with a great heave that sent her stern bodily under water.
The report fell in at the same instant of time.
This was the first that Jim heard, the sound of the squire's shot not having reached him.
Where the ball passed, not one of us precisely knew, but I fancy it must have been over our heads and that the wind of it may have contributed to our disaster.
At any rate, the boat sank by the stern, quite gently, in three feet of water, leaving the captain and myself, facing each other, on our feet.
The other three took complete headers, and came up again drenched and bubbling.
So far there was no great harm.
No lives were lost, and we could wade ashore in safety.
But there were all our stores at the bottom, and to make things worse, only two guns out of five remained in a state for service.
Mine I had snatched from my knees and held over my head, by a sort of instinct.

cried the Farmer; "that would be the old business all over again!"
"Not at all!"
replied the wily Money-lender; "you will have your share!
Now, don't be a dog in the manger, for, if you get all you want, what can it matter to you if I am rich or poor?"
At last, though it went sorely against the grain to be of any benefit to a Money-lender, the Farmer was forced to yield, and from that time, no matter what he gained by the power of the conch, the Money-lender gained double.
And the knowledge that this was so, preyed upon the Farmer's mind day and night, so that he had no satisfaction out of anything.
At last there came a very dry season so dry that the Farmer's crops withered for want of rain.
Then he blew his conch, and wished for a well to water them, and lo!
there was the well, but the Money-lender had two!
two beautiful new wells!
This was too much for any Farmer to stand; and our friend brooded over it, and brooded over it, till at last a bright idea came into his head.
He seized the conch, blew it loudly, and cried out, "Oh, Ram!

I talk a great deal, but I always talk sense, and I dare say I shall be very useful to a poor, little, ignorant boy like you."
"I am a prince," said the other gently.
"All right.
And I am a magpie."
She settled herself at his elbow and began to chatter away, pointing out with one skinny claw every object of interest, evidently believing, as no doubt all its inhabitants did, that there was no city in the world like the great capital of Nomansland.
Mag said that it was the finest city in the world but there were a few things in it that surprised Prince Dolor.
One half the people seemed so happy and contented and the other half were so poor and miserable.
"I would try to make it a little more equal if I were king," he said.
"But you're not the king," returned the magpie loftily.
"Shall I show you the royal palace?"
It was a magnificent palace covering many acres of ground.
It had terraces and gardens; battlements and towers.

But he exulted in private and longed for the time to come when he could give Jo a piece of plate, with a bear and a ragged staff on it as an appropriate coat of arms.
For a fortnight, the Professor came and went with lover-like regularity.
Then he stayed away for three whole days, and made no sign, a proceeding which caused everybody to look sober, and Jo to become pensive, at first, and then alas for romance very cross.
"Disgusted, I dare say, and gone home as suddenly as he came.
It's nothing to me, of course, but I should think he would have come and bid us goodbye like a gentleman," she said to herself, with a despairing look at the gate, as she put on her things for the customary walk one dull afternoon.
"You'd better take the little umbrella, dear.
It looks like rain,"
said her mother, observing that she had on her new bonnet, but not alluding to the fact.
"Yes, Marmee, do you want anything in town?
I've got to run in and get some paper," returned Jo, pulling out the bow under her chin before the glass as an excuse for not looking at her mother.
"Yes, I want some twilled silesia, a paper of number nine needles, and two yards of narrow lavender ribbon.
Have you got your thick boots on, and something warm under your cloak?"
"I believe so," answered Jo absently.

"What did you tell me so for?"
"It was all my jokes and nonsense," said the unscrupulous Sarah.
"But your ma wouldn't like to know I've said such a thing.
And Master Robert wouldn't be so mean as to tell tales, would he, love?"
"I'm not mean," said Robin, stoutly; "and I don't tell tales; but you do, and you tell you know what, besides.
However, I won't go this time; but I'll tell you what if you tell tales of me to Papa any more, I'll tell him what you said about the old gentleman in the blue cloak."
With which parting threat Robin strode, off to join his brothers and sister.
Sarah's tale had put the court-martial out of his head, and he leaned against the tall fender, gazing at his little sister, who was tenderly nursing a well-worn doll.
Robin sighed.
"What a long time that doll takes to wear out, Dora!"
said he.
"When will it be done?"

He remembered everything with the most accurate and extraordinary distinctness, and declared that he would never forget a single iota of the experience.
“About twenty paces from the scaffold, where he had stood to hear the sentence, were three posts, fixed in the ground, to which to fasten the criminals (of whom there were several).
The first three criminals were taken to the posts, dressed in long white tunics, with white caps drawn over their faces, so that they could not see the rifles pointed at them.
Then a group of soldiers took their stand opposite to each post.
My friend was the eighth on the list, and therefore he would have been among the third lot to go up.
A priest went about among them with a cross: and there was about five minutes of time left for him to live.
“He said that those five minutes seemed to him to be a most interminable period, an enormous wealth of time; he seemed to be living, in these minutes, so many lives that there was no need as yet to think of that last moment, so that he made several arrangements, dividing up the time into portions one for saying farewell to his companions, two minutes for that; then a couple more for thinking over his own life and career and all about himself; and another minute for a last look around.
He remembered having divided his time like this quite well.
While saying good-bye to his friends he recollected asking one of them some very usual everyday question, and being much interested in the answer.
Then having bade farewell, he embarked upon those two minutes which he had allotted to looking into himself; he knew beforehand what he was going to think about.
He wished to put it to himself as quickly and clearly as possible, that here was he, a living, thinking man, and that in three minutes he would be nobody; or if somebody or something, then what and where?
He thought he would decide this question once for all in these last three minutes.

I am convinced that the inspector has formed the opinion that the letters are all practical jokes, and that the deaths of my relations were really accidents, as the jury stated, and were not to be connected with the warnings.”
Holmes shook his clenched hands in the air.
“Incredible imbecility!” he cried.
“They have, however, allowed me a policeman, who may remain in the house with me.”
“Has he come with you to-night?”
“No.
His orders were to stay in the house.”
Again Holmes raved in the air.
“Why did you come to me?” he said, “and, above all, why did you not come at once?”
“I did not know.
It was only to-day that I spoke to Major Prendergast about my troubles and was advised by him to come to you.”
“It is really two days since you had the letter.
We should have acted before this.
You have no further evidence, I suppose, than that which you have placed before us—no suggestive detail which might help us?”
“There is one thing,” said John Openshaw.
He rummaged in his coat pocket, and, drawing out a piece of discoloured, blue-tinted paper, he laid it out upon the table.
“I have some remembrance,” said he, “that on the day when my uncle burned the papers I observed that the small, unburned margins which lay amid the ashes were of this particular colour.
I found this single sheet upon the floor of his room, and I am inclined to think that it may be one of the papers which has, perhaps, fluttered out from among the others, and in that way has escaped destruction.
Beyond the mention of pips, I do not see that it helps us much.

His interlocutor burst out laughing several times at his answers; and more than ever, when to the question, “whether he had been cured?” the patient replied:
“No, they did not cure me.”
“Hey!
that’s it!
You stumped up your money for nothing, and we believe in those fellows, here!” remarked the black-haired individual, sarcastically.
“Gospel truth, sir, Gospel truth!” exclaimed another passenger, a shabbily dressed man of about forty, who looked like a clerk, and possessed a red nose and a very blotchy face.
“Gospel truth!
All they do is to get hold of our good Russian money free, gratis, and for nothing.”
“Oh, but you’re quite wrong in my particular instance,” said the Swiss patient, quietly.
“Of course I can’t argue the matter, because I know only my own case; but my doctor gave me money and he had very little to pay my journey back, besides having kept me at his own expense, while there, for nearly two years.”
“Why?
Was there no one else to pay for you?” asked the black-haired one.
“No Mr. Pavlicheff, who had been supporting me there, died a couple of years ago.
I wrote to Mrs. General Epanchin at the time (she is a distant relative of mine), but she did not answer my letter.
And so eventually I came back.”
“And where have you come to?”
“That is where am I going to stay?
I I really don’t quite know yet, I ”
Both the listeners laughed again.

said her mother.
"It is so delightful to have such a quick little errand-girl that I shall get her to carry some bundles to my poor people this afternoon.
"Oh, dear me!
I do hate to lug those old clothes and bottles and baskets of cold victuals round.
Must I do it?"
sighed Kitty, dismally, while the shoes tapped on the floor under the table, as if to remind her that she must, whether she liked it or not.
"It would be right and kind, and would please me very much.
But you may do as you choose about it.
I am very tired, and some one must go; for the little Bryan baby is sick and needs what I send," said mamma, looking disappointed.
Kitty sat very still and sober for some time, and no one spoke to her.
She was making up her mind whether she would go pleasantly or be whisked about like a grasshopper against her will.
When dinner was over, she said in a cheerful voice, 
"I'll go, mamma; and when all the errands are done, may I come back through Fairyland, as we call the little grove where the tall ferns grow?"

By good fortune, too, she was naturally so peculiar in appearance as not to show disfigurement like any other woman.
She needed both advantages, for the marks of gripping fingers were deep in her face, and her hair was torn, and her dress (hastily composed with unsteady hands) was clutched and dragged a hundred ways.
In crossing the bridge, she dropped the door key in the river.
Arriving at the cathedral some few minutes before her escort, and waiting there, she thought, what if the key were already taken in a net, what if it were identified, what if the door were opened and the remains discovered, what if she were stopped at the gate, sent to prison, and charged with murder!
In the midst of these fluttering thoughts, the escort appeared, took her in, and took her away.
“Is there any noise in the streets?” she asked him.
“The usual noises,” Mr. Cruncher replied; and looked surprised by the question and by her aspect.
“I don't hear you,” said Miss Pross.
“What do you say?”
It was in vain for Mr. Cruncher to repeat what he said; Miss Pross could not hear him.
“So I'll nod my head,” thought Mr. Cruncher, amazed, “at all events she'll see that.” And she did.
“Is there any noise in the streets now?” asked Miss Pross again, presently.
Again Mr. Cruncher nodded his head.

muttered Bartram to himself.
"I shall have trouble with the fellow.
The sooner I drive him away, the better."
The little boy, all in a tremble, whispered to his father, and begged him to shut the door of the kiln, so that there might not be so much light; for that there was something in the man's face which he was afraid to look at, yet could not look away from.
And, indeed, even the lime-burner's dull and torpid sense began to be impressed by an indescribable something in that thin, rugged, thoughtful visage, with the grizzled hair hanging wildly about it, and those deeply sunken eyes, which gleamed like fires within the entrance of a mysterious cavern.
But, as he closed the door, the stranger turned towards him, and spoke in a quiet, familiar way, that made Bartram feel as if he were a sane and sensible man, after all.
"Your task draws to an end, I see," said he.
"This marble has already been burning three days.
A few hours more will convert the stone to lime."
"Why, who are you?"
exclaimed the lime-burner.
"You seem as well acquainted with my business as I am myself."

He'll do to sleep with you!"
And she dragged the Rabbit out by one ear, and put him into the Boy's arms.
That night, and for many nights after, the Velveteen Rabbit slept in the Boy's bed.
At first he found it rather uncomfortable, for the Boy hugged him very tight, and sometimes he rolled over on him, and sometimes he pushed him so far under the pillow that the Rabbit could scarcely breathe.
And he missed, too, those long moonlight hours in the nursery, when all the house was silent, and his talks with the Skin Horse.
But very soon he grew to like it, for the Boy used to talk to him, and made nice tunnels for him under the bedclothes that he said were like the burrows the real rabbits lived in.
And they had splendid games together, in whispers, when Nana had gone away to her supper and left the night-light burning on the mantelpiece.
And when the Boy dropped off to sleep, the Rabbit would snuggle down close under his little warm chin and dream, with the Boy's hands clasped close round him all night long.
And so time went on, and the little Rabbit was very happy-so happy that he never noticed how his beautiful velveteen fur was getting shabbier and shabbier, and his tail becoming unsewn, and all the pink rubbed off his nose where the Boy had kissed him.
Spring came, and they had long days in the garden, for wherever the Boy went the Rabbit went too.
He had rides in the wheelbarrow, and picnics on the grass, and lovely fairy huts built for him under the raspberry canes behind the flower border.
And once, when the Boy was called away suddenly to go out to tea, the Rabbit was left out on the lawn until long after dusk, and Nana had to come and look for him with the candle because the Boy couldn't go to sleep unless he was there.

For though their progenitors, the builders of Babel, must doubtless, by their tower, have intended to rear the loftiest mast-head in all Asia, or Africa either; yet (ere the final truck was put to it) as that great stone mast of theirs may be said to have gone by the board, in the dread gale of God’s wrath; therefore, we cannot give these Babel builders priority over the Egyptians.
And that the Egyptians were a nation of mast-head standers, is an assertion based upon the general belief among archæologists, that the first pyramids were founded for astronomical purposes: a theory singularly supported by the peculiar stair-like formation of all four sides of those edifices; whereby, with prodigious long upliftings of their legs, those old astronomers were wont to mount to the apex, and sing out for new stars; even as the look-outs of a modern ship sing out for a sail, or a whale just bearing in sight.
In Saint Stylites, the famous Christian hermit of old times, who built him a lofty stone pillar in the desert and spent the whole latter portion of his life on its summit, hoisting his food from the ground with a tackle; in him we have a remarkable instance of a dauntless stander-of-mast-heads; who was not to be driven from his place by fogs or frosts, rain, hail, or sleet; but valiantly facing everything out to the last, literally died at his post.
Of modern standers-of-mast-heads we have but a lifeless set; mere stone, iron, and bronze men; who, though well capable of facing out a stiff gale, are still entirely incompetent to the business of singing out upon discovering any strange sight.
There is Napoleon; who, upon the top of the column of Vendome, stands with arms folded, some one hundred and fifty feet in the air; careless, now, who rules the decks below; whether Louis Philippe, Louis Blanc, or Louis the Devil.
Great Washington, too, stands high aloft on his towering main-mast in Baltimore, and like one of Hercules’ pillars, his column marks that point of human grandeur beyond which few mortals will go.
Admiral Nelson, also, on a capstan of gun-metal, stands his mast-head in Trafalgar Square; and ever when most obscured by that London smoke, token is yet given that a hidden hero is there; for where there is smoke, must be fire.
But neither great Washington, nor Napoleon, nor Nelson, will answer a single hail from below, however madly invoked to befriend by their counsels the distracted decks upon which they gaze; however it may be surmised, that their spirits penetrate through the thick haze of the future, and descry what shoals and what rocks must be shunned.
It may seem unwarrantable to couple in any respect the mast-head standers of the land with those of the sea; but that in truth it is not so, is plainly evinced by an item for which Obed Macy, the sole historian of Nantucket, stands accountable.
The worthy Obed tells us, that in the early times of the whale fishery, ere ships were regularly launched in pursuit of the game, the people of that island erected lofty spars along the sea-coast, to which the look-outs ascended by means of nailed cleats, something as fowls go upstairs in a hen-house.
A few years ago this same plan was adopted by the Bay whalemen of New Zealand, who, upon descrying the game, gave notice to the ready-manned boats nigh the beach.
But this custom has now become obsolete; turn we then to the one proper mast-head, that of a whale-ship at sea.

Shall I marry or not?
As you decide, so shall it be.”
Totski grew white as a sheet.
The general was struck dumb.
All present started and listened intently.
Gania sat rooted to his chair.
“Marry whom?” asked the prince, faintly.
“Gavrila Ardalionovitch Ivolgin,” said Nastasia, firmly and evenly.
There were a few seconds of dead silence.
The prince tried to speak, but could not form his words; a great weight seemed to lie upon his breast and suffocate him.
“N-no!
don’t marry him!” he whispered at last, drawing his breath with an effort.
“So be it, then.

"You want to stand a bit farther away from it," I said.
"You're perfectly right!"
he snorted.
"I do!
I want to stand so far away from it that I can't see the thing with a telescope!"
He turned on Corky like an untamed tiger of the jungle who has just located a chunk of meat.
"And this this is what you have been wasting your time and my money for all these years!
A painter!
I wouldn't let you paint a house of mine!
I gave you this commission, thinking that you were a competent worker, and this this this extract from a comic coloured supplement is the result!"
He swung towards the door, lashing his tail and growling to himself.
"This ends it!

Of course the British beat they always do."
"No, they don't!"
cried Jo, aside.
"Having taken the pirate captain prisoner, sailed slap over the schooner, whose decks were piled high with dead and whose lee scuppers ran blood, for the order had been 'Cutlasses, and die hard!'
'Bosun's mate, take a bight of the flying-jib sheet, and start this villain if he doesn't confess his sins double quick,' said the British captain.
The Portuguese held his tongue like a brick, and walked the plank, while the jolly tars cheered like mad.
But the sly dog dived, came up under the man-of-war, scuttled her, and down she went, with all sail set, 'To the bottom of the sea, sea, sea' where..."
"Oh, gracious!
What shall I say?"
cried Sallie, as Fred ended his rigmarole, in which he had jumbled together pell-mell nautical phrases and facts out of one of his favorite books.
"Well, they went to the bottom, and a nice mermaid welcomed them, but was much grieved on finding the box of headless knights, and kindly pickled them in brine, hoping to discover the mystery about them, for being a woman, she was curious.
By-and-by a diver came down, and the mermaid said, 'I'll give you a box of pearls if you can take it up,' for she wanted to restore the poor things to life, and couldn't raise the heavy load herself.
So the diver hoisted it up, and was much disappointed on opening it to find no pearls.

She sprang to the door and would have run away, but on the stairs a man caught her and brought her back; and when she looked at him it was King Thrushbeard again.
He said to her kindly, “Do not be afraid, I and the fiddler who has been living with you in that wretched hovel are one.
For love of you I disguised myself so; and I also was the hussar who rode through your crockery.
This was all done to humble your proud spirit, and to punish you for the insolence with which you mocked me.”
Then she wept bitterly and said, “I have done great wrong, and am not worthy to be your wife.” But he said, “Be comforted, the evil days are past; now we will celebrate our wedding.” Then the maids-in-waiting came and put on her the most splendid clothing, and her father and his whole court came and wished her happiness in her marriage with King Thrushbeard, and the joy now began in earnest.
I wish you and I had been there too.
53 Little Snow-white 
Once upon a time in the middle of winter, when the flakes of snow were falling like feathers from the sky, a queen sat at a window sewing, and the frame of the window was made of black ebony.
And whilst she was sewing and looking out of the window at the snow, she pricked her finger with the needle, and three drops of blood fell upon the snow.
And the red looked pretty upon the white snow, and she thought to herself, “Would that I had a child as white as snow, as red as blood, and as black as the wood of the window-frame.”
Soon after that she had a little daughter, who was as white as snow, and as red as blood, and her hair was as black as ebony; and she was therefore called Little Snow-white.
And when the child was born, the Queen died.
After a year had passed the King took to himself another wife.
She was a beautiful woman, but proud and haughty, and she could not bear that anyone else should surpass her in beauty.
She had a wonderful looking-glass, and when she stood in front of it and looked at herself in it, and said—
“Looking-glass, Looking-glass, on the wall, Who in this land is the fairest of all?”
the looking-glass answered—
“Thou, O Queen, art the fairest of all!”
Then she was satisfied, for she knew that the looking-glass spoke the truth.

I think that with your permission I will now wish you all a very good-night.” He included us all in a sweeping bow and stalked out of the room.
“Then I trust that you at least will honour me with your company,” said Sherlock Holmes.
“It is always a joy to meet an American, Mr. Moulton, for I am one of those who believe that the folly of a monarch and the blundering of a minister in far-gone years will not prevent our children from being some day citizens of the same world-wide country under a flag which shall be a quartering of the Union Jack with the Stars and Stripes.”
“The case has been an interesting one,” remarked Holmes when our visitors had left us, “because it serves to show very clearly how simple the explanation may be of an affair which at first sight seems to be almost inexplicable.
Nothing could be more natural than the sequence of events as narrated by this lady, and nothing stranger than the result when viewed, for instance, by Mr. Lestrade of Scotland Yard.”
“You were not yourself at fault at all, then?”
“From the first, two facts were very obvious to me, the one that the lady had been quite willing to undergo the wedding ceremony, the other that she had repented of it within a few minutes of returning home.
Obviously something had occurred during the morning, then, to cause her to change her mind.
What could that something be?
She could not have spoken to anyone when she was out, for she had been in the company of the bridegroom.
Had she seen someone, then?
If she had, it must be someone from America because she had spent so short a time in this country that she could hardly have allowed anyone to acquire so deep an influence over her that the mere sight of him would induce her to change her plans so completely.
You see we have already arrived, by a process of exclusion, at the idea that she might have seen an American.
Then who could this American be, and why should he possess so much influence over her?
It might be a lover; it might be a husband.

Why invite witnesses when both of us would be walking in eternity in a couple of minutes?
The pistols are loaded; we stretch the handkerchief and stand opposite one another.
We aim the pistols at each other’s hearts.
Suddenly tears start to our eyes, our hands shake; we weep, we embrace the battle is one of self-sacrifice now!
The prince shouts, ‘She is yours;’ I cry, ‘She is yours ’ in a word, in a word You’ve come to live with us, hey?”
“Yes yes for a while, I think,” stammered the prince.
“Prince, mother begs you to come to her,” said Colia, appearing at the door.
The prince rose to go, but the general once more laid his hand in a friendly manner on his shoulder, and dragged him down on to the sofa.
“As the true friend of your father, I wish to say a few words to you,”
 he began.
“I have suffered there was a catastrophe.
I suffered without a trial; I had no trial.
Nina Alexandrovna my wife, is an excellent woman, so is my daughter Varvara.
We have to let lodgings because we are poor a dreadful, unheard-of come-down for us for me, who should have been a governor-general; but we are very glad to have you, at all events.

"Well, it wasn't your mother then, my chick," said Mr. Grouse, "for that was long, long before you were hatched."
"She was our mother afterwards, anyway," cried the young Grouse.
"I just know she was!"
Mr. Grouse's eyes twinkled, but he went gravely on.
"At last I flapped my wing's hard and fast, and the soft drumming sound could be heard far and near.
'Thump-thump-thump-thump-thump; thump-thump-rup-rup-rup-rup-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r-r.' I waited, but nobody came.
Then I drummed again, and after that I was sure that I heard a rustling in the leaves.
I drummed a third time, and then, children, there came the beautiful young Grouse, breaking her way through the thicket and trying to look as though she didn't know that I was there."
"Did she know?"
cried the little Grouse.
"You must ask your mother that," he answered, "for it was she who came.
Ah, what happy days we had together all spring!

That would be the dramatic thing to do!
Wait for her here, under the tree.
It might be a time like this, the little one asleep up there.
"'I sent for you, madam, to ask if you had lost anything.
Oh, I don't know how greatly you value it, a child, a little girl, who wandered here some time ago.
She was lost in the wood; it is a wonder she did not starve.
She came to me barefoot and hungry, and I took her in.
She is asleep now, up in her favourite chamber in yonder tree.
It seems a pity to wake her; she sleeps very sweetly.
Oh, I would gladly keep her, and I think it might not be difficult; at least, she has never tried to run away; but we are old neighbours, and I thought it right to let you know that she was here.'
"Then to wake the child, and bring her down, flushed with her lovely sleep, clinging with both arms round my neck no horror of the hateful dwarf, no shrinking; the little velvet cheek pressed against my brown, rough face, the sweet eyes looking at me me, Mark Ellery with love in them.
Yes, by Heaven, love; no lying here!

One of the legs of the table was shorter than the other, but Philemon placed a flat stone under it to make it level, and Baucis rubbed sweet smelling herbs over the entire top of the table.
Then she placed the food before the strangers, the steaming, savory herbs, olives from the wild trees of Minerva, some sweet berries preserved in vinegar, cheese, radishes, and eggs cooked lightly in the ashes.
It was served in earthen dishes and beside the guests stood an earthenware pitcher and two wooden cups.
There could hardly have been a more appetizing supper, and the kindly cheer of the two old peasants made it seem even more delectable.
The guests ate hungrily and when they had emptied the dishes Baucis brought a bowl of rosy apples and a comb of wild honey for dessert.
She noticed that the two seemed to be enjoying their milk hugely and it made her anxious, for the pitcher had not been more than half full.
They filled their cups again and again and drained them.
"They will finish the milk and ask for more," Baucis thought, "and I have not another drop."
Then a great fear and awe possessed the old woman.
She peered over the shoulder of the older of the strangers into the pitcher and saw that it was brimming full!
He poured from it for his companion and it was again full to overflowing as he set it down.
Here was a miracle, Baucis knew.

I've got it now!
It blowed the candle!”
“Mercy on us!
Go on, Tom go on!”
“And it seems to me that you said, 'Why, I believe that that door '”
“Go on, Tom!”
“Just let me study a moment just a moment.
Oh, yes you said you believed the door was open.”
“As I'm sitting here, I did!
Didn't I, Mary!
Go on!”
“And then and then well I won't be certain, but it seems like as if you made Sid go and and ”
“Well?
Well?
What did I make him do, Tom?
What did I make him do?”
“You made him you Oh, you made him shut it.”
“Well, for the land's sake!
I never heard the beat of that in all my days!
Don't tell me there ain't anything in dreams, any more.
Sereny Harper shall know of this before I'm an hour older.

"See the cunning brackets to hold candles, and the nice green silk, puckered up, with a gold rose in the middle, and the pretty rack and stool, all complete," added Meg, opening the instrument and displaying its beauties.
"'Your humble servant, James Laurence'.
Only think of his writing that to you.
I'll tell the girls.
They'll think it's splendid," said Amy, much impressed by the note.
"Try it, honey.
Let's hear the sound of the baby pianny," said Hannah, who always took a share in the family joys and sorrows.
So Beth tried it, and everyone pronounced it the most remarkable piano ever heard.
It had evidently been newly tuned and put in apple-pie order, but, perfect as it was, I think the real charm lay in the happiest of all happy faces which leaned over it, as Beth lovingly touched the beautiful black and white keys and pressed the bright pedals.
"You'll have to go and thank him," said Jo, by way of a joke, for the idea of the child's really going never entered her head.
"Yes, I mean to.
I guess I'll go now, before I get frightened thinking about it."

"I have," announced Abner, pompously.
"I had some struck off in Chicago.
I ordered 'em by mail.
They got my name Pillow, but there's a scalloped gilt border around it.
You can write your name on my card.
Got a pencil?"
He produced the bit of cardboard; Ross fished up a chewed stump of lead pencil, took it in cold, stiff fingers, and disfigured the square with eccentric scribblings.
"They'll know who it's meant for," he said, apologetically, "because I'm here.
What's likely to happen after we get rid of the card?"
"I told you about hanging your hat on the rack and disposing your legs."
"I remember now," sighed Ross.
They had been going slower and slower.

If you have not, you are not fitted for the rearing of a child who may some day play a considerable part in the history of the country.
But if you have why, then, how could any gentleman ask you to condescend to accept anything under the three figures?
Your salary with me, madam, would commence at £ 100 a year.’
“You may imagine, Mr. Holmes, that to me, destitute as I was, such an offer seemed almost too good to be true.
The gentleman, however, seeing perhaps the look of incredulity upon my face, opened a pocket-book and took out a note.
“‘It is also my custom,’ said he, smiling in the most pleasant fashion until his eyes were just two little shining slits amid the white creases of his face, ‘to advance to my young ladies half their salary beforehand, so that they may meet any little expenses of their journey and their wardrobe.’
“It seemed to me that I had never met so fascinating and so thoughtful a man.
As I was already in debt to my tradesmen, the advance was a great convenience, and yet there was something unnatural about the whole transaction which made me wish to know a little more before I quite committed myself.
“‘May I ask where you live, sir?’ said I.
“‘Hampshire.
Charming rural place.
The Copper Beeches, five miles on the far side of Winchester.
It is the most lovely country, my dear young lady, and the dearest old country-house.’
“‘And my duties, sir?
I should be glad to know what they would be.’
“‘One child—one dear little romper just six years old.

The queen stopped in dismay, for she did not like getting her feet wet and dirty.
As she was thinking how best to step through the mud, a young man in a rich suit came along the road.
Directly he saw the queen, young Raleigh, for it was he, sprang forward, and, taking off his velvet cloak, spread it over the mud for her to walk upon.
Elizabeth was much pleased; she rewarded Raleigh with a post in the palace.
There, one day, he wrote upon a window which he knew the queen would pass: "Fain would I climb, but that I fear to fall".
When Elizabeth saw this, she added these words: "If thy heart fail thee, climb not at all".
However, Raleigh did climb very soon to a high place, for he was clever and brave as well as polite, and he served the queen in many ways.
It is said that his ships first brought potatoes and tobacco to England from America, and that he was the first man in this country to smoke.
One day, a servant brought a jug of ale into the room where Raleigh was sitting and smoking.
The man was much alarmed to see smoke coming from his master's mouth, and he quickly emptied the jug of ale over Raleigh's head, to put out the fire which he thought was burning within him.
ENGLISH FAIRY TALES 

TOM TIT TOT 
Once upon a time there was a woman, and she baked five pies.
And when they came out of the oven, they were that overbaked the crusts were too hard to eat.

asked Laurie, following her into a corner of the parlor, whither all had adjourned to greet Mr. Laurence.
"I don't approve of the match, but I've made up my mind to bear it, and shall not say a word against it," said Jo solemnly.
"You can't know how hard it is for me to give up Meg," she continued with a little quiver in her voice.
"You don't give her up.
You only go halves," said Laurie consolingly.
"It can never be the same again.
I've lost my dearest friend," sighed Jo.
"You've got me, anyhow.
I'm not good for much, I know, but I'll stand by you, Jo, all the days of my life.
Upon my word I will!"
and Laurie meant what he said.
"I know you will, and I'm ever so much obliged.

I have known him a long time!”
Pinocchio, who until then had been very quiet, shuddered so hard that the bed shook.
“That Marionette,” continued the Talking Cricket, “is a rascal of the worst kind.”
Pinocchio opened his eyes and closed them again.
“He is rude, lazy, a runaway.”
Pinocchio hid his face under the sheets.
“That Marionette is a disobedient son who is breaking his father’s heart!”
Long shuddering sobs were heard, cries, and deep sighs.
Think how surprised everyone was when, on raising the sheets, they discovered Pinocchio half melted in tears!
“When the dead weep, they are beginning to recover,” said the Crow solemnly.
“I am sorry to contradict my famous friend and colleague,” said the Owl, “but as far as I’m concerned, I think that when the dead weep, it means they do not want to die.”
CHAPTER 17 
Pinocchio eats sugar, but refuses to take medicine.
When the undertakers come for him, he drinks the medicine and feels better.
Afterwards he tells a lie and, in punishment, his nose grows longer and longer.
As soon as the three doctors had left the room, the Fairy went to Pinocchio’s bed and, touching him on the forehead, noticed that he was burning with fever.
She took a glass of water, put a white powder into it, and, handing it to the Marionette, said lovingly to him:
“Drink this, and in a few days you’ll be up and well.”
Pinocchio looked at the glass, made a wry face, and asked in a whining voice: “Is it sweet or bitter?”
“It is bitter, but it is good for you.”
“If it is bitter, I don’t want it.”
“Drink it!”
“I don’t like anything bitter.”
“Drink it and I’ll give you a lump of sugar to take the bitter taste from your mouth.”
“Where’s the sugar?”
“Here it is,” said the Fairy, taking a lump from a golden sugar bowl.
“I want the sugar first, then I’ll drink the bitter water.”
“Do you promise?”
“Yes.”
The Fairy gave him the sugar and Pinocchio, after chewing and swallowing it in a twinkling, said, smacking his lips:
“If only sugar were medicine!

Th’
sun’s warmin’ ’em.
You’ll see bits o’ green spikes stickin’ out o’ th’
black earth after a bit.”
“What will they be?” asked Mary.
“Crocuses an’ snowdrops an’ daffydowndillys.
Has tha’ never seen them?”
“No.
Everything is hot, and wet, and green after the rains in India,”
said Mary.
“And I think things grow up in a night.”
“These won’t grow up in a night,” said Weatherstaff.
“Tha’ll have to wait for ’em.
They’ll poke up a bit higher here, an’ push out a spike more there, an’ uncurl a leaf this day an’ another that.
You watch ’em.”
“I am going to,” answered Mary.
Very soon she heard the soft rustling flight of wings again and she knew at once that the robin had come again.
He was very pert and lively, and hopped about so close to her feet, and put his head on one side and looked at her so slyly that she asked Ben Weatherstaff a question.
“Do you think he remembers me?” she said.

“If that be all,” said the duck, “we can help thee.
The crown fell into the water, and lies down below at the bottom; we will soon bring it up again for thee.
In the meantime just spread out thy handkerchief on the bank.” She dived down with her twelve young ones, and in five minutes she was up again and sat with the crown resting on her wings, and the twelve young ones were swimming round about and had put their beaks under it, and were helping to carry it.
They swam to the shore and put the crown on the handkerchief.
No one can imagine how magnificent the crown was; when the sun shone on it, it gleamed like a hundred thousand carbuncles.
The tailor tied his handkerchief together by the four corners, and carried it to the King, who was full of joy, and put a gold chain round the tailor’s neck.
When the shoemaker saw that one stroke had failed, he contrived a second, and went to the King and said, “Lord King, the tailor has become insolent again; he boasts that he will copy in wax the whole of the royal palace, with everything that pertains to it, loose or fast, inside and out.” The King sent for the tailor and ordered him to copy in wax the whole of the royal palace, with everything that pertained to it, movable or immovable, within and without, and if he did not succeed in doing this, or if so much as one nail on the wall were wanting, he should be imprisoned for his whole life under ground.
The tailor thought, “It gets worse and worse!
No one can endure that?”
and threw his bundle on his back, and went forth.
When he came to the hollow tree, he sat down and hung his head.
The bees came flying out, and the Queen-bee asked him if he had a stiff neck, since he held his head so awry?
“Alas, no,” answered the tailor, “something quite different weighs me down,” and he told her what the King had demanded of him.

He is very irritable to-day, and I left off arguing the matter with him.
So Nastasia Philipovna has invited you to go and see her?”
“To tell the truth, she has not.”
“Then how do you come to be going there?” cried Colia, so much astonished that he stopped short in the middle of the pavement.
“And...
and are you going to her ‘At Home’ in that costume?”
“I don’t know, really, whether I shall be allowed in at all.
If she will receive me, so much the better.
If not, the matter is ended.
As to my clothes what can I do?”
“Are you going there for some particular reason, or only as a way of getting into her society, and that of her friends?”
“No, I have really an object in going... That is, I am going on business it is difficult to explain, but...”
“Well, whether you go on business or not is your affair, I do not want to know.
The only important thing, in my eyes, is that you should not be going there simply for the pleasure of spending your evening in such company cocottes, generals, usurers!
If that were the case I should despise and laugh at you.
There are terribly few honest people here, and hardly any whom one can respect, although people put on airs Varia especially!
Have you noticed, prince, how many adventurers there are nowadays?
Especially here, in our dear Russia.
How it has happened I never can understand.

If I had a million I should run to her with it!
But I have only fifty pennies.
Here they are.
I was just going to buy some clothes.
Here, take them, little Snail, and give them to my good Fairy.”
“What about the new clothes?”
“What does that matter?
I should like to sell these rags I have on to help her more.
Go, and hurry.
Come back here within a couple of days and I hope to have more money for you!
Until today I have worked for my father.
Now I shall have to work for my mother also.
Good-by, and I hope to see you soon.”
The Snail, much against her usual habit, began to run like a lizard under a summer sun.
When Pinocchio returned home, his father asked him:
“And where is the new suit?”
“I couldn’t find one to fit me.

She hid them there weeks ago.”
“And you never thought it worth while to tell me?
The end nearest the wall, you said?”
“Rikki-tikki, you are not going to eat her eggs?”
“Not eat exactly; no.
Darzee, if you have a grain of sense you will fly off to the stables and pretend that your wing is broken, and let Nagaina chase you away to this bush.
I must get to the melon-bed, and if I went there now she’d see me.”
Darzee was a feather-brained little fellow who could never hold more than one idea at a time in his head.
And just because he knew that Nagaina’s children were born in eggs like his own, he didn’t think at first that it was fair to kill them.
But his wife was a sensible bird, and she knew that cobra’s eggs meant young cobras later on.
So she flew off from the nest, and left Darzee to keep the babies warm, and continue his song about the death of Nag.
Darzee was very like a man in some ways.
She fluttered in front of Nagaina by the rubbish heap and cried out, “Oh, my wing is broken!
The boy in the house threw a stone at me and broke it.” Then she fluttered more desperately than ever.
Nagaina lifted up her head and hissed, “You warned Rikki-tikki when I would have killed him.
Indeed and truly, you’ve chosen a bad place to be lame in.” And she moved toward Darzee’s wife, slipping along over the dust.

Like many people who think themselves made out of special clay, she had a very poor opinion of her own kind, and was ambitious for an alliance with the highest circles.
To the stars!
was her motto, she always said, and really, when one has a daughter of incomparable beauty, one may well hope for an equally incomparable son-in-law.
"Address yourself to the sun at once, then," cried the impatient father one day; "there is nothing above him, surely."
"Quite so; I had already thought of it," she answered, "and since you, too, are in sympathy with the idea, we will make our call to-morrow."
So, on the following morning the proud father and the haughty mother-rat went together to present their lovely daughter to the orb of day.
"Lord Sun," said the mother, "let me present our only daughter, who is so beautiful that there is nothing like her in the whole world.
Naturally we desire a son-in-law as wonderful as she, and, as you see, we have come to you first of all."
"Really," said the sun, "I am extremely flattered by your proposal, but you do me too much honor; there is some one greater than I; it is the cloud.
Look, if you do not believe."...
And at that moment the cloud arrived, and with one waft of his folds extinguished the sun with all his golden rays.
"Very well; let us speak to the cloud, then," said the mother-rat, not in the least disconcerted.

That Halvor was willing to do at once; and the old wife was so glad at having the horse, she was ready to dance and skip for joy.
"For now," she said, "I shall be able to ride to church.
I, too, think of that."
As for Halvor, he had no rest, and wanted to be off at once, but the old wife said there was no hurry.
"Lie down on the bench with you and sleep a bit, for we've no bed to offer you, and I'll watch and wake you when the West Wind comes."
So after a while up came the West Wind, roaring and howling along till the walls creaked and groaned again.
Out ran the old wife.
"THOU WEST WIND, THOU WEST WIND!
Canst thou tell me the way to Soria Moria Castle?
Here's one who wants to get thither."
"Yes, I know it very well," said the West Wind, "and now I'm just off thither to dry clothes for the wedding that's to be; if he's swift of foot he can go along with me."
Out ran Halvor.

So he begged the Sea King to forgive his subject.
Who could resist the pleading of so wise and compassionate a judge?
Ryn Jin forgave his subject at once at the request of his august guest.
The TAI was so glad that he shook his fins for joy, and he and all the other fish went out from the presence of their King, praising the virtues of the Happy Hunter.
Now that the hook was found the Happy Hunter had nothing to keep him in Ryn Gu, and he was anxious to get back to his own kingdom and to make peace with his angry brother, the Skillful Fisher; but the Sea King, who had learnt to love him and would fain have kept him as a son, begged him not to go so soon, but to make the Sea Palace his home as long as ever he liked.
While the Happy Hunter was still hesitating, the two lovely Princesses, Tayotama and Tamayori, came, and with the sweetest of bows and voices joined with their father in pressing him to stay, so that without seeming ungracious he could not say them "Nay,"
and was obliged to stay on for some time.
Between the Sea Realm and the Earth there was no difference in the night of time, and the Happy Hunter found that three years went fleeting quickly by in this delightful land.
The years pass swiftly when any one is truly happy.
But though the wonders of that enchanted land seemed to be new every day, and though the Sea King's kindness seemed rather to increase than to grow less with time, the Happy Hunter grew more and more homesick as the days passed, and he could not repress a great anxiety to know what had happened to his home and his country and his brother while he had been away.
So at last he went to the Sea King and said:
"My stay with you here has been most happy and I am very grateful to you for all your kindness to me, but I govern Japan, and, delightful as this place is, I cannot absent myself forever from my country.
I must also return the fishing hook to my brother and ask his forgiveness for having deprived him of it for so long.
I am indeed very sorry to part from you, but this time it cannot be helped.

For a young king cobra?
For the last the very last of the brood?
The ants are eating all the others down by the melon bed.”
Nagaina spun clear round, forgetting everything for the sake of the one egg.
Rikki-tikki saw Teddy’s father shoot out a big hand, catch Teddy by the shoulder, and drag him across the little table with the tea-cups, safe and out of reach of Nagaina.
“Tricked!
Tricked!
Tricked!
Rikk-tck-tck!” chuckled Rikki-tikki.
“The boy is safe, and it was I I I that caught Nag by the hood last night in the bathroom.” Then he began to jump up and down, all four feet together, his head close to the floor.
“He threw me to and fro, but he could not shake me off.
He was dead before the big man blew him in two.
I did it!

This went on until night, when General Lambert, who succeeded General Pakenham, withdrew, hopelessly beaten, and with a loss of over two thousand men.
The United States now found that an honorable peace had been obtained, and with a debt of $127,000,000 started in to pay it up by instalments, which was done inside of twenty years from the ordinary revenue.
In the six years following, one State per year was added to the Union, and all kinds of manufactures were built up to supply the goods that had been cut off by the blockade during the war.
Even the deluge of cheap goods from abroad after the war did not succeed in breaking these down.
James Monroe was almost unanimously elected.
He was generally beloved, and his administration was, in fact, known as the original "era of good feeling," since so successfully reproduced especially by the Governors of North and South Carolina.
(See Appendix.)
Through the efforts of Henry Clay, Missouri was admitted as a slave State in 1821, under the compromise that slavery should not be admitted into any of the Territories west of the Mississippi and north of parallel 36° 30' N.
Clay was one of the greatest men of his time, and was especially eminent as an eloquent and magnetic speaker in the days when the record for eloquence was disputed by the giants of American oratory, and before the Senate of the United States had become a wealthy club of men whose speeches are rarely printed except at so much per column, paid in advance.
Clay was the original patentee of the slogan for campaign use.
Lafayette revisited this country in 1819, and was greeted with the greatest hospitality.
He visited the grave of Washington, and tenderly spoke of the grandeur of character shown by his chief.
He was given the use of the Brandywine, a government ship, for his return.

"Did you go to Paris?"
"We spent last winter there."
"Can you talk French?"
"We were not allowed to speak anything else at Vevay."
"Do say some!
I can read it, but can't pronounce."
"Quel nom a cette jeune demoiselle en les pantoufles jolis?"
"How nicely you do it!
Let me see ... you said, 'Who is the young lady in the pretty slippers', didn't you?"
"Oui, mademoiselle."
"It's my sister Margaret, and you knew it was!
Do you think she is pretty?"

take these two sweetmeats and give them to your wives; give them to the wives you love best."
The King took the sweetmeats and put them in his bosom.
Then the Fakir said, "King!
in a year I will return, and of the two sons who will be born to you one is mine and one yours."
The King said, "Well, I agree."
Then the Fakir went on his way, and the King came home and gave one sweetmeat to each of his two wives.
After some time two sons were born to the King.
Then what did the King do but place those two sons in an underground room, which he had built in the earth.
Some time passed, and one day the Fakir appeared, and said, "King!
bring me that son of yours!"
What did the King do but bring two slave-girls' sons and present them to the Fakir.
While the Fakir was sitting there the King's sons were sitting down below in their cellar eating their food.

Mrs. Epanchin oh yes!
a most eminent person.
I know her.
As for Mr. Pavlicheff, who supported you in Switzerland, I know him too at least, if it was Nicolai Andreevitch of that name?
A fine fellow he was and had a property of four thousand souls in his day.”
“Yes, Nicolai Andreevitch that was his name,” and the young fellow looked earnestly and with curiosity at the all-knowing gentleman with the red nose.
This sort of character is met with pretty frequently in a certain class.
They are people who know everyone that is, they know where a man is employed, what his salary is, whom he knows, whom he married, what money his wife had, who are his cousins, and second cousins, etc., etc.
These men generally have about a hundred pounds a year to live on, and they spend their whole time and talents in the amassing of this style of knowledge, which they reduce or raise to the standard of a science.
During the latter part of the conversation the black-haired young man had become very impatient.
He stared out of the window, and fidgeted, and evidently longed for the end of the journey.
He was very absent; he would appear to listen and heard nothing; and he would laugh of a sudden, evidently with no idea of what he was laughing about.
“Excuse me,” said the red-nosed man to the young fellow with the bundle, rather suddenly; “whom have I the honour to be talking to?”
“Prince Lef Nicolaievitch Muishkin,” replied the latter, with perfect readiness.

Presently Suliman made a sign with his hand that the people should be silent, and said: “I have accepted the crown you have offered me, but only that I may keep it for Prince Darling, who is not dead as you suppose; the Fairy has assured me that there is still hope that you may some day see him again, good and virtuous as he was when he first came to the throne.
Alas!” he continued, “he was led away by flatterers.
I knew his heart, and am certain that if it had not been for the bad influence of those who surrounded him he would have been a good king and a father to his people.
We may hate his faults, but let us pity him and hope for his restoration.
As for me, I would die gladly if that could bring back our Prince to reign justly and worthily once more.”
These words went to Prince Darling’s heart; he realized the true affection and faithfulness of his old tutor, and for the first time reproached himself for all his evil deeds; at the same instant he felt all his anger melting away, and he began quickly to think over his past life, and to admit that his punishment was not more than he had deserved.
He left off tearing at the iron bars of the cage in which he was shut up, and became as gentle as a lamb.
The hunters who had caught him took him to a great menagerie, where he was chained up among all the other wild beasts, and he determined to show his sorrow for his past bad behavior by being gentle and obedient to the man who had to take care of him.
Unfortunately, this man was very rough and unkind, and though the poor monster was quite quiet, he often beat him without rhyme or reason when he happened to be in a bad temper.
One day when this keeper was asleep a tiger broke its chain, and flew at him to eat him up.
Prince Darling, who saw what was going on, at first felt quite pleased to think that he should be delivered from his persecutor, but soon thought better of it and wished that he were free.
“I would return good for evil,” he said to himself, “and save the unhappy man’s life.” He had hardly wished this when his iron cage flew open, and he rushed to the side of the keeper, who was awake and was defending himself against the tiger.
When he saw the monster had got out he gave himself up for lost, but his fear was soon changed into joy, for the kind monster threw itself upon the tiger and very soon killed it, and then came and crouched at the feet of the man it had saved.

But when the whole was wrapped in flames, the sparks mounted up into the air, higher than the flax had ever been able to raise its little blue flowers, and they glistened as the white linen never could have glistened.
All the written letters became quite red in a moment, and all the words and thoughts turned to fire.
"Now I am mounting straight up to the sun," said a voice in the flames; and it was as if a thousand voices echoed the words as the flames darted up through the chimney and went out at the top.
Then a number of tiny beings, as many as the flowers on the flax had been, and invisible to mortal eyes, floated above the children.
They were even lighter and more delicate than the blue flowers from which they were born; and as the flames died out and nothing remained of the paper but black ashes, these little beings danced upon it, and wherever they touched it, bright red sparks appeared.
"The children are all out of school, and the schoolmaster was the last of all," said the children.
It was good fun, and they sang over the dead ashes:
          "Snip, snap, snurre,            Basse lurre.
The song is ended."
But the little invisible beings said, "The song is never ended; the most beautiful is yet to come."
But the children could neither hear nor understand this; nor should they, for children must not know everything.
THE DAISY 
NOW listen.
Out in the country, close by the roadside, stood a pleasant house; you have seen one like it, no doubt, very often.

Once more he lifted up his mighty voice:
"Drunk, drunk, drunk, drer-unc, drer-unc, -erunc, -unc, -unc."
Once more the elder turned with lifted hand and shouted back:
"You're a liar, Balaam, goldarn you!
You're er iffamous liar."
Then he passed from view.
III 
Mrs. Brown stood upon the steps anxiously awaiting the return of her liege lord.
She knew he had with him a large sum of money, or should have, and she knew also that he was a man without business methods.
She had long since repented of the decision which sent him to town.
When the old battered hat and flour-covered coat loomed up in the gloaming and confronted her, she stared with terror.
The next instant she had seized him.
"For the Lord sakes, Elder Brown, what ails you?
As I live, if the man ain't drunk!
Elder Brown!

Aglaya left the room in a fit of irritation, and it was not until late in the evening, past eleven, when the prince was taking his departure, that she said a word or two to him, privately, as she accompanied him as far as the front door.
“I should like you,” she said, “not to come here tomorrow until evening, when the guests are all assembled.
You know there are to be guests, don’t you?”
She spoke impatiently and with severity; this was the first allusion she had made to the party of tomorrow.
She hated the idea of it, everyone saw that; and she would probably have liked to quarrel about it with her parents, but pride and modesty prevented her from broaching the subject.
The prince jumped to the conclusion that Aglaya, too, was nervous about him, and the impression he would make, and that she did not like to admit her anxiety; and this thought alarmed him.
“Yes, I am invited,” he replied.
She was evidently in difficulties as to how best to go on.
“May I speak of something serious to you, for once in my life?” she asked, angrily.
She was irritated at she knew not what, and could not restrain her wrath.
“Of course you may; I am very glad to listen,” replied Muishkin.
Aglaya was silent a moment and then began again with evident dislike of her subject:
“I do not wish to quarrel with them about this; in some things they won’t be reasonable.
I always did feel a loathing for the laws which seem to guide mamma’s conduct at times.

Justice!”
“Strange things are going on in our so-called Holy Russia in this age of reform and great enterprises; this age of patriotism in which hundreds of millions are yearly sent abroad; in which industry is encouraged, and the hands of Labour paralyzed, etc.
; there is no end to this, gentlemen, so let us come to the point.
A strange thing has happened to a scion of our defunct aristocracy.
(De profundis!)
The grandfathers of these scions ruined themselves at the gaming-tables; their fathers were forced to serve as officers or subalterns; some have died just as they were about to be tried for innocent thoughtlessness in the handling of public funds.
Their children are sometimes congenital idiots, like the hero of our story; sometimes they are found in the dock at the Assizes, where they are generally acquitted by the jury for edifying motives; sometimes they distinguish themselves by one of those burning scandals that amaze the public and add another blot to the stained record of our age.
Six months ago that is, last winter this particular scion returned to Russia, wearing gaiters like a foreigner, and shivering with cold in an old scantily-lined cloak.
He had come from Switzerland, where he had just undergone a successful course of treatment for idiocy (sic!).
Certainly Fortune favoured him, for, apart from the interesting malady of which he was cured in Switzerland (can there be a cure for idiocy?)
his story proves the truth of the Russian proverb that ‘happiness is the right of certain classes!’ Judge for yourselves.
Our subject was an infant in arms when he lost his father, an officer who died just as he was about to be court-martialled for gambling away the funds of his company, and perhaps also for flogging a subordinate to excess (remember the good old days, gentlemen).
The orphan was brought up by the charity of a very rich Russian landowner.

At this idea, he burst out laughing all at once, in quite unaffected mirth, and without giving any explanation.
The sisters, who also appeared to be in high spirits, never tired of glancing at Aglaya and the prince, who were walking in front.
It was evident that their younger sister was a thorough puzzle to them both.
Prince S. tried hard to get up a conversation with Mrs. Epanchin upon outside subjects, probably with the good intention of distracting and amusing her; but he bored her dreadfully.
She was absent-minded to a degree, and answered at cross purposes, and sometimes not at all.
But the puzzle and mystery of Aglaya was not yet over for the evening.
The last exhibition fell to the lot of the prince alone.
When they had proceeded some hundred paces or so from the house, Aglaya said to her obstinately silent cavalier in a quick half-whisper:
“Look to the right!”
The prince glanced in the direction indicated.
“Look closer.
Do you see that bench, in the park there, just by those three big trees that green bench?”
The prince replied that he saw it.
“Do you like the position of it?
Sometimes of a morning early, at seven o’clock, when all the rest are still asleep, I come out and sit there alone.”
The prince muttered that the spot was a lovely one.

And here an unprecedented thing occurred.
The Colonel absolutely declined spirituous refreshment at the neighboring Palmetto Saloon, and declared his intention of proceeding directly to his office in the adjoining square.
Nevertheless the Colonel quitted the building alone, and apparently unarmed except for his faithful gold-headed stick, which hung as usual from his forearm.
The crowd gazed after him with undisguised admiration of this new evidence of his pluck.
It was remembered also that a mysterious note had been handed to him at the conclusion of his speech evidently a challenge from the State Attorney.
It was quite plain that the Colonel a practised duellist was hastening home to answer it.
But herein they were wrong.
The note was in a female hand, and simply requested the Colonel to accord an interview with the writer at the Colonel's office as soon as he left the court.
But it was an engagement that the Colonel as devoted to the fair sex as he was to the "code" was no less prompt in accepting.
He flicked away the dust from his spotless white trousers and varnished boots with his handkerchief, and settled his black cravat under his Byron collar as he neared his office.
He was surprised, however, on opening the door of his private office to find his visitor already there; he was still more startled to find her somewhat past middle age and plainly attired.
But the Colonel was brought up in a school of Southern politeness, already antique in the republic, and his bow of courtesy belonged to the epoch of his shirt frill and strapped trousers.

"When will he come home, Marmee?"
asked Beth, with a little quiver in her voice.
"Not for many months, dear, unless he is sick.
He will stay and do his work faithfully as long as he can, and we won't ask for him back a minute sooner than he can be spared.
Now come and hear the letter."
They all drew to the fire, Mother in the big chair with Beth at her feet, Meg and Amy perched on either arm of the chair, and Jo leaning on the back, where no one would see any sign of emotion if the letter should happen to be touching.
Very few letters were written in those hard times that were not touching, especially those which fathers sent home.
In this one little was said of the hardships endured, the dangers faced, or the homesickness conquered.
It was a cheerful, hopeful letter, full of lively descriptions of camp life, marches, and military news, and only at the end did the writer's heart over-flow with fatherly love and longing for the little girls at home.
"Give them all of my dear love and a kiss.
Tell them I think of them by day, pray for them by night, and find my best comfort in their affection at all times.
A year seems very long to wait before I see them, but remind them that while we wait we may all work, so that these hard days need not be wasted.

Half ashamed, yet happy in herself, she glanced at the other flowers; they must have seen the honor she had received, and would understand her delight and pleasure.
But the tulips looked prouder than ever; indeed, they were evidently quite vexed about it.
The peonies were disgusted, and could they have spoken, the poor little daisy would no doubt have received a good scolding.
She could see they were all out of temper, and it made her very sorry.
At this moment there came into the garden a girl with a large, glittering knife in her hand.
She went straight to the tulips and cut off several of them.
"O dear," sighed the daisy, "how shocking!
It is all over with them now."
The girl carried the tulips away, and the daisy felt very glad to grow outside in the grass and to be only a poor little flower.
When the sun set, she folded up her leaves and went to sleep.
She dreamed the whole night long of the warm sun and the pretty little bird.
The next morning, when she joyfully stretched out her white leaves once more to the warm air and the light, she recognized the voice of the bird, but his song sounded mournful and sad.

As for the unfortunate victim, he fell into a spell of enchantment, unable to move or speak, but conscious of all that was taking place about him.
No wonder Queen Lurline sighed with relief when she thought that her powerful magic had made the Oz people secure against the dread evil of the Mimics!
Queen Lurline slipped from the cavern through the stone portal of Mount Illuso.
For a moment she paused, breathing deeply and gratefully of the fresh air.
But she must not tarry now.
She still had other important work to do here.
When she returned to her fairy companion, Queen Lurline gave her brief instructions concerning the important part she was to play at Mount Illuso in the coming years.
Then they both spread their fairy wings and flew straight to the very summit of the hollow mount.
The Mimics Mean Mischief 
On the same morning that Ozma and Glinda left the Land of Oz for the Forest of Burzee, events of equal importance were happening in Mount Illuso, home of the Mimics.
The Mimics were ruled over by two sovereigns King Umb and Queen Ra.
It is a question which was the more wicked and dangerous of this pair.
King Umb was bold and brutal, while his wife, Queen Ra, was clever and cunning.

"No," said Sabrinetta.
"But why?"
He told her of the mean trick that the Prince had played on him.
"And he promised me half his kingdom and the hand of his cousin the Princess," said Elfin.
"Oh, dear, what a shame!"
said Sabrinetta, trying to get out of his arms.
"How dare he?"
"What's the matter?"
he asked, holding her tighter.
"It was a shame, or at least I thought so.
But now he may keep his kingdom, half and whole, if I may keep what I have."
"What's that?"

Dr. Bangs came twice a day, Hannah sat up at night, Meg kept a telegram in her desk all ready to send off at any minute, and Jo never stirred from Beth's side.
The first of December was a wintry day indeed to them, for a bitter wind blew, snow fell fast, and the year seemed getting ready for its death.
When Dr. Bangs came that morning, he looked long at Beth, held the hot hand in both his own for a minute, and laid it gently down, saying, in a low voice to Hannah, "If Mrs. March can leave her husband she'd better be sent for."
Hannah nodded without speaking, for her lips twitched nervously, Meg dropped down into a chair as the strength seemed to go out of her limbs at the sound of those words, and Jo, standing with a pale face for a minute, ran to the parlor, snatched up the telegram, and throwing on her things, rushed out into the storm.
She was soon back, and while noiselessly taking off her cloak, Laurie came in with a letter, saying that Mr. March was mending again.
Jo read it thankfully, but the heavy weight did not seem lifted off her heart, and her face was so full of misery that Laurie asked quickly, "What is it?
Is Beth worse?"
"I've sent for Mother," said Jo, tugging at her rubber boots with a tragic expression.
"Good for you, Jo!
Did you do it on your own responsibility?"
asked Laurie, as he seated her in the hall chair and took off the rebellious boots, seeing how her hands shook.
"No.

CHAPTER 51.
The Spirit-Spout.
Days, weeks passed, and under easy sail, the ivory Pequod had slowly swept across four several cruising-grounds; that off the Azores; off the Cape de Verdes; on the Plate (so called), being off the mouth of the Rio de la Plata; and the Carrol Ground, an unstaked, watery locality, southerly from St. Helena.
It was while gliding through these latter waters that one serene and moonlight night, when all the waves rolled by like scrolls of silver; and, by their soft, suffusing seethings, made what seemed a silvery silence, not a solitude; on such a silent night a silvery jet was seen far in advance of the white bubbles at the bow.
Lit up by the moon, it looked celestial; seemed some plumed and glittering god uprising from the sea.
Fedallah first descried this jet.
For of these moonlight nights, it was his wont to mount to the main-mast head, and stand a look-out there, with the same precision as if it had been day.
And yet, though herds of whales were seen by night, not one whaleman in a hundred would venture a lowering for them.
You may think with what emotions, then, the seamen beheld this old Oriental perched aloft at such unusual hours; his turban and the moon, companions in one sky.
But when, after spending his uniform interval there for several successive nights without uttering a single sound; when, after all this silence, his unearthly voice was heard announcing that silvery, moon-lit jet, every reclining mariner started to his feet as if some winged spirit had lighted in the rigging, and hailed the mortal crew.
“There she blows!” Had the trump of judgment blown, they could not have quivered more; yet still they felt no terror; rather pleasure.
For though it was a most unwonted hour, yet so impressive was the cry, and so deliriously exciting, that almost every soul on board instinctively desired a lowering.

He thought it infra dig, and did not quite like appearing in society afterwards that society in which he had been accustomed to pose up to now as a young man of rather brilliant prospects.
All these concessions and rebuffs of fortune, of late, had wounded his spirit severely, and his temper had become extremely irritable, his wrath being generally quite out of proportion to the cause.
But if he had made up his mind to put up with this sort of life for a while, it was only on the plain understanding with his inner self that he would very soon change it all, and have things as he chose again.
Yet the very means by which he hoped to make this change threatened to involve him in even greater difficulties than he had had before.
The flat was divided by a passage which led straight out of the entrance-hall.
Along one side of this corridor lay the three rooms which were designed for the accommodation of the “highly recommended” lodgers.
Besides these three rooms there was another small one at the end of the passage, close to the kitchen, which was allotted to General Ivolgin, the nominal master of the house, who slept on a wide sofa, and was obliged to pass into and out of his room through the kitchen, and up or down the back stairs.
Colia, Gania’s young brother, a school-boy of thirteen, shared this room with his father.
He, too, had to sleep on an old sofa, a narrow, uncomfortable thing with a torn rug over it; his chief duty being to look after his father, who needed to be watched more and more every day.
The prince was given the middle room of the three, the first being occupied by one Ferdishenko, while the third was empty.
But Gania first conducted the prince to the family apartments.
These consisted of a “salon,” which became the dining-room when required; a drawing-room, which was only a drawing-room in the morning, and became Gania’s study in the evening, and his bedroom at night; and lastly Nina Alexandrovna’s and Varvara’s bedroom, a small, close chamber which they shared together.

keep still," cried the mouse, "and I will really save you."
Then with a few quick bites with his sharp teeth he cut through the string, and the next moment the cat was hidden amongst the barley, and the mouse was running off in the opposite direction, determined to keep well out of sight of the creature he had kept in such misery for so many hours.
Full well he knew that all the cat's promises would be forgotten, and that she would eat him up if she could catch him.
The owl too flew away, and the lizard went off to hunt flies in the sunshine, and there was not a sign of any of the four inhabitants of the banyan tree when the hunter reached the snare.
He was very much surprised and puzzled to find the string hanging loose in two pieces, and no sign of there having been anything caught in it, except two white hairs lying on the ground close to the trap.
He had a good look round, and then went home without having found out anything.
When the hunter was quite out of sight, the cat came forth from the barley, and hastened back to her beloved home in the banyan tree.
On her way there she spied the mouse also hurrying along in the same direction, and at first she felt inclined to hunt him and eat him then and there.
On second thoughts however she decided to try and keep friends with him, because he might help her again if she got caught a second time.
So she took no notice of the mouse until the next day, when she climbed down the tree and went to the roots in which she knew the mouse was hidden.
There she began to purr as loud as she could, to show the mouse she was in a good humour, and called out, "Dear good little mouse, come out of your hole and let me tell you how very, very grateful I am to you for saving my life.
There is nothing in the world I will not do for you, if you will only be friends with me."

"What does the man mean," thought the old farmer, "calling this largely populated city a cemetery?"
On leaving the city their way led through a cemetery where a few people were praying beside a grave and distributing chapatis and kulchas to passers-by, in the name of their beloved dead.
They beckoned to the two travellers and gave them as much as they would.
"What a splendid city this is!"
said the young man.
"Now, the man must surely be demented!"
thought the old farmer.
"I wonder what he will do next?
He will be calling the land water, and the water land; and be speaking of light where there is darkness, and of darkness when it is light."
However, he kept his thoughts to himself.
Presently they had to wade through a stream that ran along the edge of the cemetery.
The water was rather deep, so the old farmer took off his shoes and paijamas and crossed over; but the young man waded through it with his shoes and paijamas on.

Then, somehow, it was quite possible that any place in which Sara lived might turn out to be nice.
"Why isn't it, Sara?"
she almost whispered.
Sara hugged her close and tried to laugh.
There was a sort of comfort in the warmth of the plump, childish body.
She had had a hard day and had been staring out of the windows with hot eyes.
"You can see all sorts of things you can't see downstairs," she said.
"What sort of things?"
demanded Lottie, with that curiosity Sara could always awaken even in bigger girls.
"Chimneys quite close to us with smoke curling up in wreaths and clouds and going up into the sky and sparrows hopping about and talking to each other just as if they were people and other attic windows where heads may pop out any minute and you can wonder who they belong to.
And it all feels as high up as if it was another world."
"Oh, let me see it!"

But it shall be regulated, it shall be checked by religion, by reason, by constant employment."
She paused and added in a low voice, "If I could but know HIS heart, everything would become easy."
Elinor, who had now been for some time reflecting on the propriety or impropriety of speedily hazarding her narration, without feeling at all nearer decision than at first, heard this; and perceiving that as reflection did nothing, resolution must do all, soon found herself leading to the fact.
She managed the recital, as she hoped, with address; prepared her anxious listener with caution; related simply and honestly the chief points on which Willoughby grounded his apology; did justice to his repentance, and softened only his protestations of present regard.
Marianne said not a word.
She trembled, her eyes were fixed on the ground, and her lips became whiter than even sickness had left them.
A thousand inquiries sprung up from her heart, but she dared not urge one.
She caught every syllable with panting eagerness; her hand, unknowingly to herself, closely pressed her sister's, and tears covered her cheeks.
Elinor, dreading her being tired, led her towards home; and till they reached the door of the cottage, easily conjecturing what her curiosity must be though no question was suffered to speak it, talked of nothing but Willoughby, and their conversation together; and was carefully minute in every particular of speech and look, where minuteness could be safely indulged.
As soon as they entered the house, Marianne with a kiss of gratitude and these two words just articulate through her tears, "Tell mama," withdrew from her sister and walked slowly up stairs.
Elinor would not attempt to disturb a solitude so reasonable as what she now sought; and with a mind anxiously pre-arranging its result, and a resolution of reviving the subject again, should Marianne fail to do it, she turned into the parlour to fulfill her parting injunction.
CHAPTER 47 
Mrs. Dashwood did not hear unmoved the vindication of her former favourite.

Threads of silver and gold were interwoven among bright-colored silken ones, and the rug was too beautiful for anything but to admire.
The Tsar father was pleased, thanked his son Ivan, and issued a new order.
He now wished to see the three wives of his handsome sons, and they were to present their brides on the next day.
The Tsarevitch Ivan returned home.
Cloudy was his brow, more cloudy than before.
"C-R-O-A-K!
C-R-O-A-K!
Tsarevitch, my dear husband and master, why so sad?
Hast thou heard anything unpleasant at the palace?"
"Unpleasant enough, indeed!
My father, the Tsar, ordered all of us to present our wives to him.
Now tell me, how could I dare go with thee?"

To his disordered brain it seemed then that the irritating quality in Peter's face and figure visibly increased, and he rattled the door and flung himself against it.
Was his enemy to escape him after all?
But what was that?
The red in his eye had caught sight of Peter's medicine standing on a ledge within easy reach.
He fathomed what it was straightaway, and immediately knew that the sleeper was in his power.
Lest he should be taken alive, Hook always carried about his person a dreadful drug, blended by himself of all the death-dealing rings that had come into his possession.
These he had boiled down into a yellow liquid quite unknown to science, which was probably the most virulent poison in existence.
Five drops of this he now added to Peter's cup.
His hand shook, but it was in exultation rather than in shame.
As he did it he avoided glancing at the sleeper, but not lest pity should unnerve him; merely to avoid spilling.
Then one long gloating look he cast upon his victim, and turning, wormed his way with difficulty up the tree.
As he emerged at the top he looked the very spirit of evil breaking from its hole.

Elder Brother.
Cease, brother, to dream of evils that may not be.
No good can come from false alarms.
I do not believe my good sister has lost herself in fear.
Her faith will keep her calm.
Second Brother.
I do not fear the darkness and the fact that she is alone.
But I do fear some harm may come to her from rude wanderers in the wood.
Elder Brother.
Yet I believe she is so good and true that evil has no power to harm her.
All powers of good surround her and drive evil away.
But list!

The Tsar Archidei watched the wonderful structure from the shore and as soon as the orders were given for sailing, the new vessel sailed away like a white-winged hawk.
The cannon were shooting and upon the masts, instead of rigging, were drawn strings upon which musicians were playing the national tunes.
As soon as the wonderful vessel sailed into deep water, the fourth Simeon snatched the prow and no trace of it remained on the surface; the whole vessel went to the depths like a heavy stone.
In an hour or so Simeon, with his left hand, led the ship to the blue surface of the sea again, and with his right he presented to the Tsar a most magnificent sturgeon for his "kulibiaka," the famous Russian fish pie.
While the Tsar Archidei enjoyed himself with looking at the marvelous vessel, the fifth Simeon built a blacksmith shop in the court back of the palace.
There he blew the bellows and heated the iron.
The noise from his hammers was great and the result of his peasant work was a self-shooting gun.
The Tsar Archidei Aggeivitch went to the wild fields and perceived high above him, very high under the sky, an eagle flying.
"Now!"
exclaimed the Tsar, "there is an eagle forgetting himself with watching the sun; shoot it.
Perchance thou shalt have the good luck to hit it.
Then I will honor thee."

Sir John could do no more; but he did not know that any more was required: to be together was, in his opinion, to be intimate, and while his continual schemes for their meeting were effectual, he had not a doubt of their being established friends.
To do him justice, he did every thing in his power to promote their unreserve, by making the Miss Steeles acquainted with whatever he knew or supposed of his cousins' situations in the most delicate particulars, and Elinor had not seen them more than twice, before the eldest of them wished her joy on her sister's having been so lucky as to make a conquest of a very smart beau since she came to Barton.
"'Twill be a fine thing to have her married so young to be sure," said she, "and I hear he is quite a beau, and prodigious handsome.
And I hope you may have as good luck yourself soon, but perhaps you may have a friend in the corner already."
Elinor could not suppose that Sir John would be more nice in proclaiming his suspicions of her regard for Edward, than he had been with respect to Marianne; indeed it was rather his favourite joke of the two, as being somewhat newer and more conjectural; and since Edward's visit, they had never dined together without his drinking to her best affections with so much significancy and so many nods and winks, as to excite general attention.
The letter F had been likewise invariably brought forward, and found productive of such countless jokes, that its character as the wittiest letter in the alphabet had been long established with Elinor.
The Miss Steeles, as she expected, had now all the benefit of these jokes, and in the eldest of them they raised a curiosity to know the name of the gentleman alluded to, which, though often impertinently expressed, was perfectly of a piece with her general inquisitiveness into the concerns of their family.
But Sir John did not sport long with the curiosity which he delighted to raise, for he had at least as much pleasure in telling the name, as Miss Steele had in hearing it.
"His name is Ferrars," said he, in a very audible whisper; "but pray do not tell it, for it's a great secret."
"Ferrars!"
repeated Miss Steele; "Mr. Ferrars is the happy man, is he?
What!

In London, he had expected neither to walk on pavements of gold, nor to lie on beds of roses; if he had had any such exalted expectation, he would not have prospered.
He had expected labour, and he found it, and did it and made the best of it.
In this, his prosperity consisted.
A certain portion of his time was passed at Cambridge, where he read with undergraduates as a sort of tolerated smuggler who drove a contraband trade in European languages, instead of conveying Greek and Latin through the Custom-house.
The rest of his time he passed in London.
Now, from the days when it was always summer in Eden, to these days when it is mostly winter in fallen latitudes, the world of a man has invariably gone one way Charles Darnay's way the way of the love of a woman.
He had loved Lucie Manette from the hour of his danger.
He had never heard a sound so sweet and dear as the sound of her compassionate voice; he had never seen a face so tenderly beautiful, as hers when it was confronted with his own on the edge of the grave that had been dug for him.
But, he had not yet spoken to her on the subject; the assassination at the deserted chateau far away beyond the heaving water and the long, long, dusty roads the solid stone chateau which had itself become the mere mist of a dream had been done a year, and he had never yet, by so much as a single spoken word, disclosed to her the state of his heart.
That he had his reasons for this, he knew full well.
It was again a summer day when, lately arrived in London from his college occupation, he turned into the quiet corner in Soho, bent on seeking an opportunity of opening his mind to Doctor Manette.
It was the close of the summer day, and he knew Lucie to be out with Miss Pross.

“Are you a ghost?”
“No, I am not,” Mary answered, her own whisper sounding half frightened.
“Are you one?”
He stared and stared and stared.
Mary could not help noticing what strange eyes he had.
They were agate gray and they looked too big for his face because they had black lashes all round them.
“No,” he replied after waiting a moment or so.
“I am Colin.”
“Who is Colin?” she faltered.
“I am Colin Craven.
Who are you?”
“I am Mary Lennox.
Mr. Craven is my uncle.”
“He is my father,” said the boy.
“Your father!” gasped Mary.
“No one ever told me he had a boy!
Why didn’t they?”
“Come here,” he said, still keeping his strange eyes fixed on her with an anxious expression.

Yet, in spite of this, nowhere in all America will you find more patrician-like houses; parks and gardens more opulent, than in New Bedford.
Whence came they?
how planted upon this once scraggy scoria of a country?
Go and gaze upon the iron emblematical harpoons round yonder lofty mansion, and your question will be answered.
Yes; all these brave houses and flowery gardens came from the Atlantic, Pacific, and Indian oceans.
One and all, they were harpooned and dragged up hither from the bottom of the sea.
Can Herr Alexander perform a feat like that?
In New Bedford, fathers, they say, give whales for dowers to their daughters, and portion off their nieces with a few porpoises a-piece.
You must go to New Bedford to see a brilliant wedding; for, they say, they have reservoirs of oil in every house, and every night recklessly burn their lengths in spermaceti candles.
In summer time, the town is sweet to see; full of fine maples—long avenues of green and gold.
And in August, high in air, the beautiful and bountiful horse-chestnuts, candelabra-wise, proffer the passer-by their tapering upright cones of congregated blossoms.
So omnipotent is art; which in many a district of New Bedford has superinduced bright terraces of flowers upon the barren refuse rocks thrown aside at creation’s final day.

Say one more such word, and save me from utter ruin.
Only tell me, ‘break off the whole thing!’ and I will do so this very day.
Oh!
what can it cost you to say just this one word?
In doing so you will but be giving me a sign of your sympathy for me, and of your pity; only this, only this; nothing more, nothing.
I dare not indulge in any hope, because I am unworthy of it.
But if you say but this word, I will take up my cross again with joy, and return once more to my battle with poverty.
I shall meet the storm and be glad of it; I shall rise up with renewed strength.
“Send me back then this one word of sympathy, only sympathy, I swear to you; and oh!
do not be angry with the audacity of despair, with the drowning man who has dared to make this last effort to save himself from perishing beneath the waters.
“G.L.”
“This man assures me,” said Aglaya, scornfully, when the prince had finished reading the letter, “that the words ‘break off everything’
do not commit me to anything whatever; and himself gives me a written guarantee to that effect, in this letter.
Observe how ingenuously he underlines certain words, and how crudely he glosses over his hidden thoughts.

So strange was the spectacle, that, though Bellerophon had been all along expecting it, the truth did not immediately occur to him, that here was the terrible three-headed Chimæra.
He had found out the Chimæra's cavern.
The snake, the lion, and the goat, as he supposed them to be, were not three separate creatures, but one monster!
The wicked, hateful thing!
Slumbering as two thirds of it were, it still held, in its abominable claws, the remnant of an unfortunate lamb, or possibly (but I hate to think so) it was a dear little boy, which its three mouths had been gnawing, before two of them fell asleep!
All at once, Bellerophon started as from a dream, and knew it to be the Chimæra.
Pegasus seemed to know it, at the same instant, and sent forth a neigh, that sounded like the call of a trumpet to battle.
At this sound the three heads reared themselves erect, and belched out great flashes of flame.
Before Bellerophon had time to consider what to do next, the monster flung itself out of the cavern and sprung straight towards him, with its immense claws extended, and its snaky tail twisting itself venomously behind.
If Pegasus had not been as nimble as a bird, both he and his rider would have been overthrown by the Chimæra's headlong rush, and thus the battle have been ended before it was well begun.
But the winged horse was not to be caught so.
In the twinkling of an eye he was up aloft, halfway to the clouds, snorting with anger.

a coward wind that strikes stark naked men, but will not stand to receive a single blow.
Even Ahab is a braver thing—a nobler thing than that.
Would now the wind but had a body; but all the things that most exasperate and outrage mortal man, all these things are bodiless, but only bodiless as objects, not as agents.
There’s a most special, a most cunning, oh, a most malicious difference!
And yet, I say again, and swear it now, that there’s something all glorious and gracious in the wind.
These warm Trade Winds, at least, that in the clear heavens blow straight on, in strong and steadfast, vigorous mildness; and veer not from their mark, however the baser currents of the sea may turn and tack, and mightiest Mississippies of the land swift and swerve about, uncertain where to go at last.
And by the eternal Poles!
these same Trades that so directly blow my good ship on; these Trades, or something like them—something so unchangeable, and full as strong, blow my keeled soul along!
To it!
Aloft there!
What d’ye see?”
“Nothing, sir.”
“Nothing!
and noon at hand!

Well done!
Well done!
How pretty!"
"Does she not look sweetly?"
said Violet, with a very satisfied tone; "and now we must have some little shining bits of ice, to make the brightness of her eyes.
She is not finished yet.
Mamma will see how very beautiful she is; but papa will say, 'Tush!
nonsense!
come in out of the cold!'"
"Let us call mamma to look out," said Peony; and then he shouted lustily, "Mamma!
mamma!!
mamma!!!

He was released without any reproach to himself, from an entanglement which had long formed his misery, from a woman whom he had long ceased to love; and elevated at once to that security with another, which he must have thought of almost with despair, as soon as he had learnt to consider it with desire.
He was brought, not from doubt or suspense, but from misery to happiness; and the change was openly spoken in such a genuine, flowing, grateful cheerfulness, as his friends had never witnessed in him before.
His heart was now open to Elinor, all its weaknesses, all its errors confessed, and his first boyish attachment to Lucy treated with all the philosophic dignity of twenty-four.
"It was a foolish, idle inclination on my side," said he, "the consequence of ignorance of the world and want of employment.
Had my mother given me some active profession when I was removed at eighteen from the care of Mr. Pratt, I think nay, I am sure, it would never have happened; for though I left Longstaple with what I thought, at the time, a most unconquerable preference for his niece, yet had I then had any pursuit, any object to engage my time and keep me at a distance from her for a few months, I should very soon have outgrown the fancied attachment, especially by mixing more with the world, as in such case I must have done.
But instead of having any thing to do, instead of having any profession chosen for me, or being allowed to chuse any myself, I returned home to be completely idle; and for the first twelvemonth afterwards I had not even the nominal employment, which belonging to the university would have given me; for I was not entered at Oxford till I was nineteen.
I had therefore nothing in the world to do, but to fancy myself in love; and as my mother did not make my home in every respect comfortable, as I had no friend, no companion in my brother, and disliked new acquaintance, it was not unnatural for me to be very often at Longstaple, where I always felt myself at home, and was always sure of a welcome; and accordingly I spent the greatest part of my time there from eighteen to nineteen: Lucy appeared everything that was amiable and obliging.
She was pretty too at least I thought so THEN; and I had seen so little of other women, that I could make no comparisons, and see no defects.
Considering everything, therefore, I hope, foolish as our engagement was, foolish as it has since in every way been proved, it was not at the time an unnatural or an inexcusable piece of folly."
The change which a few hours had wrought in the minds and the happiness of the Dashwoods, was such so great as promised them all, the satisfaction of a sleepless night.
Mrs. Dashwood, too happy to be comfortable, knew not how to love Edward, nor praise Elinor enough, how to be enough thankful for his release without wounding his delicacy, nor how at once to give them leisure for unrestrained conversation together, and yet enjoy, as she wished, the sight and society of both.
Marianne could speak HER happiness only by tears.

They run!"
he heard some one say.
"Who run?"
exclaimed Montcalm, wetting his lips with a lemonade-glass of cognac.
"We do," replied the man.
"Then so much the better," said Montcalm, as his eye lighted up, "for I shall not live to see Quebec surrendered."
This shows what can be done without a rehearsal; also how the historian has to control himself in order to avoid lying.
The death of these two brave men is a beautiful and dramatic incident in the history of our country, and should be remembered by every school-boy, because neither lived to write articles criticising the other.
Five days later the city capitulated.
An attempt was made to recapture it, but it was not successful.
Canada fell into the hands of the English, and from the open Polar Sea to the Mississippi the English flag floated.
What an empire!

At night, when the robbers are asleep, we will escape; I have long waited for an opportunity.” Hardly was this done, than the godless crew came home.
They dragged with them another young girl.
They were drunk, and paid no heed to her screams and lamentations.
They gave her wine to drink, three glasses full, one glass of white wine, one glass of red, and a glass of yellow, and with this her heart burst in twain.
Thereupon they tore off her delicate raiment, laid her on a table, cut her beautiful body in pieces and strewed salt thereon.
The poor bride behind the cask trembled and shook, for she saw right well what fate the robbers had destined for her.
One of them noticed a gold ring on the little finger of the murdered girl, and as it would not come off at once, he took an axe and cut the finger off, but it sprang up in the air, away over the cask and fell straight into the bride’s bosom.
The robber took a candle and wanted to look for it, but could not find it.
Then another of them said, “Hast thou looked behind the great hogshead?” But the old woman cried, “Come and get something to eat, and leave off looking till the morning, the finger won’t run away from you.”
Then the robbers said, “The old woman is right,” and gave up their search, and sat down to eat, and the old woman poured a sleeping-draught in their wine, so that they soon lay down in the cellar, and slept and snored.
When the bride heard that, she came out from behind the hogshead, and had to step over the sleepers, for they lay in rows on the ground, and great was her terror lest she should waken one of them.
But God helped her, and she got safely over.
The old woman went up with her, opened the doors, and they hurried out of the murderers’ den with all the speed in their power.

said the tender-hearted Woodman.
The Scarecrow was thinking again, and his head bulged out so horribly that Dorothy feared it would burst.
"Let us call in the soldier with the green whiskers," he said, "and ask his advice."
So the soldier was summoned and entered the Throne Room timidly, for while Oz was alive he never was allowed to come farther than the door.
"This little girl," said the Scarecrow to the soldier, "wishes to cross the desert.
How can she do so?"
"I cannot tell," answered the soldier, "for nobody has ever crossed the desert, unless it is Oz himself."
"Is there no one who can help me?"
asked Dorothy earnestly.
"Glinda might," he suggested.
"Who is Glinda?"
inquired the Scarecrow.

He thought he must have heard wrong.
He rubbed his eyes and said:
"Alas, wife, what didst thou say?"
"Husband," she said, "if I cannot be lord of the universe, and cause the sun and moon to set and rise, I shall not be able to bear it.
I shall never have another happy moment."
She looked at him so wildly that it caused a shudder to run through him.
"Alas, wife," he said, falling on his knees before her, "the flounder can't do that.
Emperor and pope he can make, but that is indeed beyond him.
I pray thee, control thyself and remain pope."
Then she flew into a terrible rage.
Her hair stood on end; she panted for breath, and screamed:
"I won't bear it any longer; wilt thou go?"
Then he pulled on his trousers and tore away like a madman.
Such a storm was raging that he could hardly keep his feet; houses and trees quivered and swayed, mountains trembled, and the rocks rolled into the sea.

At this point the Mimic King and Queen cast off their bird forms.
A strange man and woman suddenly appeared in the midst of the Oz people and the Mimic-Oz-people.
The woman was big, raw-boned and red-skinned.
Her hair was twisted on her head in a hard black knot, on which was set a small golden crown.
The Scarecrow started with surprise when he saw that the strange woman was wearing Dorothy's Magic Belt.
(Until now the belt had been concealed by the plumage of Ra's bird form.)
Queen Ra had brought the Magic Belt with her because of its wonderful powers which she had been studying and which she felt would be useful in carrying out the conquest of Oz.
Beside the woman stood a giant man with a flowing black beard and tangled black hair.
His eyes were fierce and hawklike.
Quickly Queen Ra uttered a command, at which a number of the Mimic-Oz-people leaped forward and proceeded to bind the non-human Ozites with strong ropes, which the magic of Queen Ra placed in their hands.
To his amazement, the Scarecrow found himself being made captive by Cap'n Bill and Ojo the Lucky.
The straw man was wise enough to know that these twin likenesses were not really his old friends, Cap'n Bill and Ojo, so he resisted with all his might.

and then and there Jo renounced her old ambition, pledged herself to a new and better one, acknowledging the poverty of other desires, and feeling the blessed solace of a belief in the immortality of love.
So the spring days came and went, the sky grew clearer, the earth greener, the flowers were up fairly early, and the birds came back in time to say goodbye to Beth, who, like a tired but trustful child, clung to the hands that had led her all her life, as Father and Mother guided her tenderly through the Valley of the Shadow, and gave her up to God.
Seldom except in books do the dying utter memorable words, see visions, or depart with beatified countenances, and those who have sped many parting souls know that to most the end comes as naturally and simply as sleep.
As Beth had hoped, the 'tide went out easily', and in the dark hour before dawn, on the bosom where she had drawn her first breath, she quietly drew her last, with no farewell but one loving look, one little sigh.
With tears and prayers and tender hands, Mother and sisters made her ready for the long sleep that pain would never mar again, seeing with grateful eyes the beautiful serenity that soon replaced the pathetic patience that had wrung their hearts so long, and feeling with reverent joy that to their darling death was a benignant angel, not a phantom full of dread.
When morning came, for the first time in many months the fire was out, Jo's place was empty, and the room was very still.
But a bird sang blithely on a budding bough, close by, the snowdrops blossomed freshly at the window, and the spring sunshine streamed in like a benediction over the placid face upon the pillow, a face so full of painless peace that those who loved it best smiled through their tears, and thanked God that Beth was well at last.
CHAPTER FORTY-ONE 
LEARNING TO FORGET 
Amy's lecture did Laurie good, though, of course, he did not own it till long afterward.
Men seldom do, for when women are the advisers, the lords of creation don't take the advice till they have persuaded themselves that it is just what they intended to do.
Then they act upon it, and, if it succeeds, they give the weaker vessel half the credit of it.
If it fails, they generously give her the whole.
Laurie went back to his grandfather, and was so dutifully devoted for several weeks that the old gentleman declared the climate of Nice had improved him wonderfully, and he had better try it again.

"Hear, Cyclops.
If any man asks who destroyed your power for evil, say it was the warrior Ulysses, dwelling in Ithaca."
The giant heard and he lifted up his hands and spoke to Neptune, the god of the sea, who was the father of the Cyclopes.
"Hear me, Neptune, if I am indeed your son and you are my father.
May this Ulysses never reach his home; or, if the Fates have ordered that he shall reach it, may he come alone, with all his comrades lost."
And as the Cyclops ended this wicked prayer, he hurled another mighty rock which almost lighted on the rudder's end, yet missed it as if by a hair's breadth.
So Ulysses escaped and all his comrades with him, and they came to the island of the wild goats where they found the rest of their men who had waited long for them in sore fear lest they had perished.
And they went home in triumph to Greece.
THE BEST AMERICAN HUMOROUS SHORT STORIES 

THE LITTLE FRENCHMAN AND HIS WATER LOTS 
  Look into those they call unfortunate,   And, closer view'd, you'll find they are unwise.
Young.
Let wealth come in by comely thrift,   And not by any foolish shift:
        ‘Tis haste         Makes waste:
  Who gripes too hard the dry and slippery sand   Holds none at all, or little, in his hand.
Herrick.

he cried, and he ran quickly to the palace with the Wazir's son; and as they ran away, Laili disappeared into the jungle.
They ran to King Dantal, and Majnun told him there was a Rakshas or a demon in the garden that had come to eat them.
"What nonsense," said his father.
"Fancy two grown men being so frightened by an old ayah or a fakir!
And if it had been a Rakshas, it would not have eaten you."
Indeed King Dantal did not believe Majnun had seen anything at all, till Husain Mahamat said the prince was speaking the exact truth.
They had the garden searched for the terrible old woman, but found nothing, and King Dantal told his son he was very silly to be so much frightened.
However, Prince Majnun would not walk in the garden any more.
The next day Laili turned into a pretty little dog; and in this shape she came into the palace, where Prince Majnun soon became very fond of her.
She followed him everywhere, went with him when he was out hunting, and helped him to catch his game, and Prince Majnun fed her with milk, or bread, or anything else he was eating, and at night the little dog slept in his bed.
But one night the little dog disappeared, and in its stead there lay the little old woman who had frightened him so much in the garden; and now Prince Majnun was quite sure she was a Rakshas, or a demon, or some such horrible thing come to eat him; and in his terror he cried out, "What do you want?
Oh, do not eat me; do not eat me!"

"And, besides, I never do have any.
This ugly box!
I am so taken up with thinking about it all the time.
I insist upon your telling me what is inside of it."
"As I have already said, fifty times over, I do not know!"
replied Epimetheus, getting a little vexed.
"How, then, can I tell you what is inside?"
"You might open it," said Pandora, looking sideways at Epimetheus, "and then we could see for ourselves."
"Pandora, what are you thinking of?"
exclaimed Epimetheus.
And his face expressed so much horror at the idea of looking into a box, which had been confided to him on the condition of his never opening it, that Pandora thought it best not to suggest it any more.
Still, however, she could not help thinking and talking about the box.

But could it be possible that any sober harpooneer would get into a door mat, and parade the streets of any Christian town in that sort of guise?
I put it on, to try it, and it weighed me down like a hamper, being uncommonly shaggy and thick, and I thought a little damp, as though this mysterious harpooneer had been wearing it of a rainy day.
I went up in it to a bit of glass stuck against the wall, and I never saw such a sight in my life.
I tore myself out of it in such a hurry that I gave myself a kink in the neck.
I sat down on the side of the bed, and commenced thinking about this head-peddling harpooneer, and his door mat.
After thinking some time on the bed-side, I got up and took off my monkey jacket, and then stood in the middle of the room thinking.
I then took off my coat, and thought a little more in my shirt sleeves.
But beginning to feel very cold now, half undressed as I was, and remembering what the landlord said about the harpooneer’s not coming home at all that night, it being so very late, I made no more ado, but jumped out of my pantaloons and boots, and then blowing out the light tumbled into bed, and commended myself to the care of heaven.
Whether that mattress was stuffed with corn-cobs or broken crockery, there is no telling, but I rolled about a good deal, and could not sleep for a long time.
At last I slid off into a light doze, and had pretty nearly made a good offing towards the land of Nod, when I heard a heavy footfall in the passage, and saw a glimmer of light come into the room from under the door.
Lord save me, thinks I, that must be the harpooneer, the infernal head-peddler.
But I lay perfectly still, and resolved not to say a word till spoken to.

Tom told the king that his father and mother were as tall as anybody about the court, but in rather poor circumstances.
On hearing this, the king carried Tom to his treasury, the place where he kept all his money, and told him to take as much money as he could carry home to his parents, which made the poor little fellow caper with joy.
Tom went immediately to procure a purse, which was made of a water-bubble, and then returned to the treasury, where he received a silver threepenny-piece to put into it.
Our little hero had some difficulty in lifting the burden upon his back; but he at last succeeded in getting it placed to his mind, and set forward on his journey.
However, without meeting with any accident, and after resting himself more than a hundred times by the way, in two days and two nights he reached his father's house in safety.
Tom had travelled forty-eight hours with a huge silver-piece on his back, and was almost tired to death, when his mother ran out to meet him, and carried him into the house.
But he soon returned to Court.
As Tom's clothes had suffered much in the batter-pudding, and the inside of the fish, his majesty ordered him a new suit of clothes, and to be mounted as a knight on a mouse.
Of Butterfly's wings his shirt was made,     His boots of chicken's hide;   And by a nimble fairy blade,   Well learned in the tailoring trade,     His clothing was supplied.
A needle dangled by his side;   A dapper mouse he used to ride,   Thus strutted Tom in stately pride!
It was certainly very diverting to see Tom in this dress and mounted on the mouse, as he rode out a-hunting with the king and nobility, who were all ready to expire with laughter at Tom and his fine prancing charger.
The king was so charmed with his address that he ordered a little chair to be made, in order that Tom might sit upon his table, and also a palace of gold, a span high, with a door an inch wide, to live in.

"What!"
said the barber, "you mind a little water being thrown at you, while this man" pointing to the thief "has no objection to being spat upon!"
Then the thief found he had been discovered, and implored forgiveness.
Thinking he had already suffered sufficient indignities, they forgave him and let him go.
THE STORY OF PURAN 
There was once a shoemaker who had a vegetable garden in which grew a bed of brinjals (or egg plant).
Unknown to him, a fairy used sometimes to come and walk there; and one day, while passing the brinjal bushes, a thorn on them caught one of her wings and broke it, so that she was unable to fly, and had to remain where she was.
Next time the shoemaker visited his garden he saw a beautiful woman in it; and, not knowing that she was a fairy, asked her to tell him her name, and how she came there.
Her only reply was: "I am cold: give me a covering, I pray you."
Then he invited her to take shelter in his hut, and gave her a lowie, or warm covering, saying: "Take this and stay as long as you like, and be my daughter."
The shoemaker had a kind heart, and was very good to his adopted child, whom he named "Loonar Chumari."
Now a Rajah, by name Suliman, sometimes visited the shoemaker's shop; and when he saw the fairy he fell in love with her, and begged for her hand in marriage.
The shoemaker consented, and after a time the marriage took place; but Suliman had another wife at his Palace, and a son whose name was Puran:
and he was most anxious to find out whether, when he grew up, this son would make a good ruler, so he sent for a Brahmin and enquired.

“’Pon my word, Watson, you are coming along wonderfully.
You have really done very well indeed.
It is true that you have missed everything of importance, but you have hit upon the method, and you have a quick eye for colour.
Never trust to general impressions, my boy, but concentrate yourself upon details.
My first glance is always at a woman’s sleeve.
In a man it is perhaps better first to take the knee of the trouser.
As you observe, this woman had plush upon her sleeves, which is a most useful material for showing traces.
The double line a little above the wrist, where the typewritist presses against the table, was beautifully defined.
The sewing-machine, of the hand type, leaves a similar mark, but only on the left arm, and on the side of it farthest from the thumb, instead of being right across the broadest part, as this was.
I then glanced at her face, and, observing the dint of a pince-nez at either side of her nose, I ventured a remark upon short sight and typewriting, which seemed to surprise her.”
“It surprised me.”
“But, surely, it was obvious.
I was then much surprised and interested on glancing down to observe that, though the boots which she was wearing were not unlike each other, they were really odd ones; the one having a slightly decorated toe-cap, and the other a plain one.
One was buttoned only in the two lower buttons out of five, and the other at the first, third, and fifth.

The ship named after him was worthy of the honor, being a very fast sailer and a noble craft every way.
I boarded her once at midnight somewhere off the Patagonian coast, and drank good flip down in the forecastle.
It was a fine gam we had, and they were all trumps—every soul on board.
A short life to them, and a jolly death.
And that fine gam I had—long, very long after old Ahab touched her planks with his ivory heel—it minds me of the noble, solid, Saxon hospitality of that ship; and may my parson forget me, and the devil remember me, if I ever lose sight of it.
Flip?
Did I say we had flip?
Yes, and we flipped it at the rate of ten gallons the hour; and when the squall came (for it’s squally off there by Patagonia), and all hands—visitors and all—were called to reef topsails, we were so top-heavy that we had to swing each other aloft in bowlines; and we ignorantly furled the skirts of our jackets into the sails, so that we hung there, reefed fast in the howling gale, a warning example to all drunken tars.
However, the masts did not go overboard; and by and by we scrambled down, so sober, that we had to pass the flip again, though the savage salt spray bursting down the forecastle scuttle, rather too much diluted and pickled it to my taste.
The beef was fine—tough, but with body in it.
They said it was bull-beef; others, that it was dromedary beef; but I do not know, for certain, how that was.
They had dumplings too; small, but substantial, symmetrically globular, and indestructible dumplings.

All he wants is an old dog to help him to do the running down.”
“I hope a wild goose may not prove to be the end of our chase,”
observed Mr. Merryweather gloomily.
“You may place considerable confidence in Mr. Holmes, sir,” said the police agent loftily.
“He has his own little methods, which are, if he won’t mind my saying so, just a little too theoretical and fantastic, but he has the makings of a detective in him.
It is not too much to say that once or twice, as in that business of the Sholto murder and the Agra treasure, he has been more nearly correct than the official force.”
“Oh, if you say so, Mr. Jones, it is all right,” said the stranger with deference.
“Still, I confess that I miss my rubber.
It is the first Saturday night for seven-and-twenty years that I have not had my rubber.”
“I think you will find,” said Sherlock Holmes, “that you will play for a higher stake to-night than you have ever done yet, and that the play will be more exciting.
For you, Mr. Merryweather, the stake will be some £ 30,000; and for you, Jones, it will be the man upon whom you wish to lay your hands.”
“John Clay, the murderer, thief, smasher, and forger.
He’s a young man, Mr. Merryweather, but he is at the head of his profession, and I would rather have my bracelets on him than on any criminal in London.
He’s a remarkable man, is young John Clay.
His grandfather was a royal duke, and he himself has been to Eton and Oxford.
His brain is as cunning as his fingers, and though we meet signs of him at every turn, we never know where to find the man himself.
He’ll crack a crib in Scotland one week, and be raising money to build an orphanage in Cornwall the next.

“And then, looking more nearly into their features, I saw some further peculiarities in their Dresden china type of prettiness.
Their hair, which was uniformly curly, came to a sharp end at the neck and cheek; there was not the faintest suggestion of it on the face, and their ears were singularly minute.
The mouths were small, with bright red, rather thin lips, and the little chins ran to a point.
The eyes were large and mild; and—this may seem egotism on my part—I fancied even that there was a certain lack of the interest I might have expected in them.
“As they made no effort to communicate with me, but simply stood round me smiling and speaking in soft cooing notes to each other, I began the conversation.
I pointed to the Time Machine and to myself.
Then, hesitating for a moment how to express Time, I pointed to the sun.
At once a quaintly pretty little figure in chequered purple and white followed my gesture, and then astonished me by imitating the sound of thunder.
“For a moment I was staggered, though the import of his gesture was plain enough.
The question had come into my mind abruptly: were these creatures fools?
You may hardly understand how it took me.
You see, I had always anticipated that the people of the year Eight Hundred and Two Thousand odd would be incredibly in front of us in knowledge, art, everything.

Tom, I wouldn't ever got into all this trouble if it hadn't 'a' ben for that money; now you just take my sheer of it along with your'n, and gimme a ten-center sometimes not many times, becuz I don't give a dern for a thing 'thout it's tollable hard to git and you go and beg off for me with the widder.”
“Oh, Huck, you know I can't do that.
'Tain't fair; and besides if you'll try this thing just a while longer you'll come to like it.”
“Like it!
Yes the way I'd like a hot stove if I was to set on it long enough.
No, Tom, I won't be rich, and I won't live in them cussed smothery houses.
I like the woods, and the river, and hogsheads, and I'll stick to 'em, too.
Blame it all!
just as we'd got guns, and a cave, and all just fixed to rob, here this dern foolishness has got to come up and spile it all!”
Tom saw his opportunity 
“Lookyhere, Huck, being rich ain't going to keep me back from turning robber.”
“No!
Oh, good-licks; are you in real dead-wood earnest, Tom?”
“Just as dead earnest as I'm sitting here.
But Huck, we can't let you into the gang if you ain't respectable, you know.”
Huck's joy was quenched.
“Can't let me in, Tom?
Didn't you let me go for a pirate?”
“Yes, but that's different.
A robber is more high-toned than what a pirate is as a general thing.

He picked up the two swans and hurried back to his tent, and there lay the dancing-cloth with the feather stars on it half finished, but no wife could he see.
He called her, but she did not answer.
He rushed out, with the two red swans still slung round his neck and hanging down his back, and ran to the dancing ring, but nobody was there.
"I will wait till she comes back," he said to himself, "if I have to wait till the world ends."
So he threw himself down on the grass and lay looking up at the stars till he went to sleep.
Early in the morning he heard a rustling on the grass, and when he opened his eyes he saw the great basket close beside him.
He jumped up, with the two red swans still slung round his neck, and climbed into the basket.
There was nobody there; and when he began to climb out again he found that the basket was half way up to the sky.
It went up and up, and at last it came into the Star-country, where his wife was waiting for him.
Her father gave them a beautiful blue tent to live in, and High-feather was happy enough for a while; but he soon grew tired of the cloud-berries that the Star-people ate, and he longed to tramp over the solid green prairie, so he asked his wife's father to let him take her back to the earth.
"No," said the Star-man, "because then I should never see her again.
If you stay with us you will soon forget the dull old earth."

We were fools to give up the search and go to that silly dinner," she concluded bitterly.
She turned to Ozma's magic books and began feverishly leafing through them.
For perhaps ten minutes she continued her search fruitlessly.
Flung carelessly on the floor at her side was a great pile of books through which she had previously looked in vain for the magic spell.
Only four books remained to be searched through.
While King Umb watched nervously, the Queen continued her frantic quest.
Now only two books remained.
The magic spell must be in one of these two volumes.
Suddenly Queen Ra leaped to her feet with a cry of triumph.
"I have found it!"
she announced with exultation.
She tore a page from the book and cast the volume to the floor.

There, in the night, where none can spy,   All in my hunter's camp I lie,   And play at books that I have read   Till it is time to go to bed.
These are the hills, these are the woods,   These are my starry solitudes;   And there the river by whose brink   The roaring lions come to drink.
I see the others far away   As if in firelit camp they lay,   And I, like to an Indian scout,   Around their party prowled about.
So, when my nurse comes in for me,   Home I return across the sea,   And go to bed with backward looks   At my dear land of Story-books.
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON  
A VISIT FROM ST. NICHOLAS 
  'T was the night before Christmas, when all through the house   Not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse;   The stockings were hung by the chimney with care,   In hopes that St. Nicholas soon would be there;   The children were nestled all snug in their beds,   While visions of sugar-plums danced in their heads;   And mamma in her kerchief, and I in my cap,   Had just settled our brains for a long winter's nap, 
  When out on the lawn there arose such a clatter,   I sprang from my bed to see what was the matter.
Away to the window I flew like a flash,   Tore open the shutters and threw up the sash.
The moon on the breast of the new-fallen snow   Gave a lustre of midday to objects below;   When what to my wondering eyes should appear,   But a miniature sleigh and eight tiny reindeer,   With a little old driver, so lively and quick   I knew in a moment it must be St. Nick.
More rapid than eagles his coursers they came,   And he whistled and shouted, and called them by name;   "Now, Dasher!
now, Dancer!
now, Prancer and Vixen!
On, Comet!
on, Cupid, on, Donder and Blitzen!

He was not expected to be more than clean and speechless; and, to tell the truth, Eben, being in the hobbledehoy stage of boyhood gaunt, awkward, and self-sufficient rather surpassed his small brother in unpleasant aspect and manner.
But who would look at the boys when Dolly stood beside them, as she did now, tall and slender, with the free grace of an untrammelled figure, her small head erect, her eyes dark and soft as a deer's, neatly clothed feet (not too small for her height) peeping from under the black lutestring petticoat, and her glowing brunette complexion set off by the picturesque buff-and-garnet chintz gown, while her round throat and arms were shaded by delicate gauze and snowy lace, and about her neck lay her mother's gold beads, now and then tangling in the heavy black curls that, tied high on her head with a garnet ribbon, still dropped in rich luxuriance to her trim waist.
The family approved of Dolly, no doubt, though their phrases of flattery were as homely as heartfelt.
"Orful slick-lookin', ain't she?"
confided Joe to Eben; while sinful Sam shrieked out: "Land o' Goshen!
ain't our Dolly smart?
Shan't I fetch Sylvester over?"
For which I regret to state Dolly smartly boxed his ears.
But the pung was ready, and Sam's howls had to die out uncomforted.
With many parting charges from Hannah about the fires and fowls, the cow, the hasty pudding, already put on for its long boil, and the turkey that hung from a string in front of the fire and must be watched well, since it was the Thanksgiving dinner, the "weddingers," as Joe called them, were well packed in with blankets and hot stones and set off on their long drive.
The day was fair and bright, the fields of snow purely dazzling; but the cold was fearful, and in spite of all their wraps, the keen winds that whistled over those broad hilltops where the road lay seemed to pierce their very bones, and they were heartily glad to draw up, by twelve o'clock, at the door of the parsonage and be set before a blazing fire, and revived with sundry mugs of foaming and steaming flip, made potent with a touch of old peach brandy; for in those ancient days, even in parsonages, the hot poker knew its office and sideboards were not in vain.
There was food, also, for the exhausted guests, though the refection was slight and served informally in the kitchen corner, for the ceremonial Thanksgiving dinner was to be deferred till after the wedding.

“Well, what would you do?”
“I dono.
But I wouldn't do that.”
“Why, Huck, you'd have to.
How'd you get around it?”
“Why, I just wouldn't stand it.
I'd run away.”
“Run away!
Well, you would be a nice old slouch of a hermit.
You'd be a disgrace.”
The Red-Handed made no response, being better employed.
He had finished gouging out a cob, and now he fitted a weed stem to it, loaded it with tobacco, and was pressing a coal to the charge and blowing a cloud of fragrant smoke he was in the full bloom of luxurious contentment.
The other pirates envied him this majestic vice, and secretly resolved to acquire it shortly.
Presently Huck said:
“What does pirates have to do?”
Tom said:
“Oh, they have just a bully time take ships and burn them, and get the money and bury it in awful places in their island where there's ghosts and things to watch it, and kill everybody in the ships make 'em walk a plank.”
“And they carry the women to the island,” said Joe; “they don't kill the women.”
“No,” assented Tom, “they don't kill the women they're too noble.
And the women's always beautiful, too.
“And don't they wear the bulliest clothes!
Oh no!

You must not think from this that the mermaids were on friendly terms with them: on the contrary, it was among Wendy's lasting regrets that all the time she was on the island she never had a civil word from one of them.
When she stole softly to the edge of the lagoon she might see them by the score, especially on Marooners' Rock, where they loved to bask, combing out their hair in a lazy way that quite irritated her; or she might even swim, on tiptoe as it were, to within a yard of them, but then they saw her and dived, probably splashing her with their tails, not by accident, but intentionally.
They treated all the boys in the same way, except of course Peter, who chatted with them on Marooners' Rock by the hour, and sat on their tails when they got cheeky.
He gave Wendy one of their combs.
The most haunting time at which to see them is at the turn of the moon, when they utter strange wailing cries; but the lagoon is dangerous for mortals then, and until the evening of which we have now to tell, Wendy had never seen the lagoon by moonlight, less from fear, for of course Peter would have accompanied her, than because she had strict rules about every one being in bed by seven.
She was often at the lagoon, however, on sunny days after rain, when the mermaids come up in extraordinary numbers to play with their bubbles.
The bubbles of many colours made in rainbow water they treat as balls, hitting them gaily from one to another with their tails, and trying to keep them in the rainbow till they burst.
The goals are at each end of the rainbow, and the keepers only are allowed to use their hands.
Sometimes a dozen of these games will be going on in the lagoon at a time, and it is quite a pretty sight.
But the moment the children tried to join in they had to play by themselves, for the mermaids immediately disappeared.
Nevertheless we have proof that they secretly watched the interlopers, and were not above taking an idea from them; for John introduced a new way of hitting the bubble, with the head instead of the hand, and the mermaids adopted it.
This is the one mark that John has left on the Neverland.

When they saw the little tailor, they thought, “A little fellow like that can creep through a key-hole and serve as picklock to us.” “Hollo,” cried one of them, “thou giant Goliath, wilt thou go to the treasure-chamber with us?
Thou canst slip thyself in and throw out the money.” Thumbling reflected a while, and at length he said, “yes,”
and went with them to the treasure-chamber.
Then he looked at the doors above and below, to see if there was any crack in them.
It was not long before he espied one which was broad enough to let him in.
He was therefore about to get in at once, but one of the two sentries who stood before the door, observed him, and said to the other, “What an ugly spider is creeping there; I will kill it.” “Let the poor creature alone,” said the other; “it has done thee no harm.” Then Thumbling got safely through the crevice into the treasure-chamber, opened the window beneath which the robbers were standing, and threw out to them one thaler after another.
When the little tailor was in the full swing of his work, he heard the King coming to inspect his treasure-chamber, and crept hastily into a hiding-place.
The King noticed that several solid thalers were missing, but could not conceive who could have stolen them, for locks and bolts were in good condition, and all seemed well guarded.
Then he went away again, and said to the sentries, “Be on the watch, some one is after the money.” When therefore Thumbling recommenced his labours, they heard the money moving, and a sound of klink, klink, klink.
They ran swiftly in to seize the thief, but the little tailor, who heard them coming, was still swifter, and leapt into a corner and covered himself with a thaler, so that nothing could be seen of him, and at the same time he mocked the sentries and cried, “Here am I!” The sentries ran thither, but as they got there, he had already hopped into another corner under a thaler, and was crying, “Ho, ho, here am I!” The watchmen sprang there in haste, but Thumbling had long ago got into a third corner, and was crying, “Ho, ho, here am I!”
And thus he made fools of them, and drove them so long round about the treasure-chamber that they were weary and went away.
Then by degrees he threw all the thalers out, dispatching the last with all his might, then hopped nimbly upon it, and flew down with it through the window.
The robbers paid him great compliments.
“Thou art a valiant hero,” said they; “wilt thou be our captain?”
Thumbling, however, declined, and said he wanted to see the world first.

Will the mouse-king be pleased now to dip his tail into the boiling water and stir it round with the tail?
The longer the king stirs it the stronger the soup will become.
Nothing more is necessary, only to stir it."
"Can no one else do this?"
asked the king.
"No," said the mouse; "only in the tail of the mouse-king is this power contained."
And the water boiled and bubbled, as the mouse-king stood close beside the kettle.
It seemed rather a dangerous performance, but he turned round and put out his tail, as mice do in a dairy when they wish to skim the cream from a pan of milk with their tails and afterwards lick it off.
But the mouse-king's tail had only just touched the hot steam when he sprang away from the chimney in a great hurry, exclaiming:
"Oh, certainly, by all means, you must be my queen.
We will let the soup question rest till our golden wedding, fifty years hence, so that the poor in my kingdom who are then to have plenty of food will have something to look forward to for a long time, with great joy."
And very soon the wedding took place.
Many of the mice, however, as they were returning home, said that the soup could not be properly called "soup from a sausage skewer," but "soup from a mouse's tail."

I could, of course, borrow so trifling a sum ten times over from my friends, but I much prefer to make it a matter of business and to carry out that business myself.
In my position you can readily understand that it is unwise to place one’s self under obligations.’
“‘For how long, may I ask, do you want this sum?’ I asked.
“‘Next Monday I have a large sum due to me, and I shall then most certainly repay what you advance, with whatever interest you think it right to charge.
But it is very essential to me that the money should be paid at once.’
“‘I should be happy to advance it without further parley from my own private purse,’ said I, ‘were it not that the strain would be rather more than it could bear.
If, on the other hand, I am to do it in the name of the firm, then in justice to my partner I must insist that, even in your case, every businesslike precaution should be taken.’
“‘I should much prefer to have it so,’ said he, raising up a square, black morocco case which he had laid beside his chair.
‘You have doubtless heard of the Beryl Coronet?’
“‘One of the most precious public possessions of the empire,’ said I.
“‘Precisely.’ He opened the case, and there, imbedded in soft, flesh-coloured velvet, lay the magnificent piece of jewellery which he had named.
‘There are thirty-nine enormous beryls,’ said he, ‘and the price of the gold chasing is incalculable.
The lowest estimate would put the worth of the coronet at double the sum which I have asked.
I am prepared to leave it with you as my security.’
“I took the precious case into my hands and looked in some perplexity from it to my illustrious client.
“‘You doubt its value?’ he asked.
“‘Not at all.

He caught himself engaged in a strange occupation which he now recollected he had taken up at odd moments for the last few hours it was looking about all around him for something, he did not know what.
He had forgotten it for a while, half an hour or so, and now, suddenly, the uneasy search had recommenced.
But he had hardly become conscious of this curious phenomenon, when another recollection suddenly swam through his brain, interesting him for the moment, exceedingly.
He remembered that the last time he had been engaged in looking around him for the unknown something, he was standing before a cutler’s shop, in the window of which were exposed certain goods for sale.
He was extremely anxious now to discover whether this shop and these goods really existed, or whether the whole thing had been a hallucination.
He felt in a very curious condition today, a condition similar to that which had preceded his fits in bygone years.
He remembered that at such times he had been particularly absentminded, and could not discriminate between objects and persons unless he concentrated special attention upon them.
He remembered seeing something in the window marked at sixty copecks.
Therefore, if the shop existed and if this object were really in the window, it would prove that he had been able to concentrate his attention on this article at a moment when, as a general rule, his absence of mind would have been too great to admit of any such concentration; in fact, very shortly after he had left the railway station in such a state of agitation.
So he walked back looking about him for the shop, and his heart beat with intolerable impatience.
Ah!
here was the very shop, and there was the article marked “60 cop.” Of course, it’s sixty copecks, he thought, and certainly worth no more.

If she had not been so furious, she would have been too discreet to say quite so much.
She saw herself burdened with an extravagantly brought-up child whom she had always resented, and she lost all self-control.
Mr. Barrow undisturbedly moved toward the door.
"I wouldn't do that, madam," he commented; "it wouldn't look well.
Unpleasant story to get about in connection with the establishment.
Pupil bundled out penniless and without friends."
He was a clever business man, and he knew what he was saying.
He also knew that Miss Minchin was a business woman, and would be shrewd enough to see the truth.
She could not afford to do a thing which would make people speak of her as cruel and hard-hearted.
"Better keep her and make use of her," he added.
"She's a clever child, I believe.
You can get a good deal out of her as she grows older."

I believe we’ve found out the big secret of the world.’
‘Why?’ said Taffy, and her eyes shone too with incitement.
‘I’ll show,’ said her Daddy.
‘What’s water in the Tegumai language?’
‘Ya, of course, and it means river too like Wagai-ya the Wagai river.’
‘What is bad water that gives you fever if you drink it black water swamp-water?’
‘Yo, of course.’
‘Now look,’ said her Daddy.
‘S’pose you saw this scratched by the side of a pool in the beaver-swamp?’ And he drew this.
(8.)
‘Carp-tail and round egg.
Two noises mixed!
Yo, bad water,’ said Taffy.
‘’Course I wouldn’t drink that water because I’d know you said it was bad.’
‘But I needn’t be near the water at all.
I might be miles away, hunting, and still ’
‘And still it would be just the same as if you stood there and said, “G’way, Taffy, or you’ll get fever.” All that in a carp-fish-tail and a round egg!
O Daddy, we must tell Mummy, quick!’ and Taffy danced all round him.
‘Not yet,’ said Tegumai; ‘not till we’ve gone a little further.

There stood a large picture the portraits of the two, and in the bridegroom's buttonhole was painted a thistle.
They talked of it and of the flower cup they had brought in with them the last silver-shimmering thistle flower, that was to be reproduced in the carving of the frame.
The air took all their words and scattered them about, far and wide.
"What strange things happen to one!"
said the thistle bush.
"My first-born went to live in a buttonhole, my last-born in a frame!
I wonder what is to become of me."
The old donkey, standing by the roadside, cast loving glances at the thistle and said, "Come to me, my sweetheart, for I cannot go to you; my tether is too short!"
But the thistle bush made no answer.
It grew more and more thoughtful, and it thought as far ahead as Christmas, till its budding thoughts opened into flower.
"When one's children are safely housed, a mother is quite content to stay beyond the fence."
"That is true," said the sunshine; "and you will be well placed, never fear."

The Colonel bit his lip.
"I suppose," he said, gloomily, "you have documentary evidence written promises and protestations er er 
love-letters, in fact?"
"No nary a letter!
Ye see, that's jest it and that's where you come in.
You've got to convince that jury yourself.
You've got to show what it is tell the whole story your own way.
Lord!
to a man like you that's nothin'."
Startling as this admission might have been to any other lawyer, Starbottle was absolutely relieved by it.
The absence of any mirth-provoking correspondence, and the appeal solely to his own powers of persuasion, actually struck his fancy.
He lightly put aside the compliment with a wave of his white hand.
"Of course," said the Colonel, confidently, "there is strongly presumptive and corroborative evidence?

And he held out his hand.
Sara went to him and laid her hand in his, as he seemed to want to take it.
She stood still, and her green-gray eyes met his wonderingly.
Something seemed to be the matter with him.
"You live next door?"
he demanded.
"Yes; I live at Miss Minchin's seminary."
"But you are not one of her pupils?"
A strange little smile hovered about Sara's mouth.
She hesitated a moment.
"I don't think I know exactly WHAT I am," she replied.
"Why not?"

They will be compelled to compromise, and they must not find me with red eyes."
She cast a hasty glance around the room, then, in a sudden panic, seized the candle and explored the other two.
She went wildly out into the hall, back into the little room over the kitchen, downstairs, everywhere, and returned in consternation.
"There's not a single mirror left in the house!"
she moaned.
Ralph heartlessly grinned.
He could appreciate that this was a characteristic woman trick, and wondered admiringly whether Evelyn or her mother had thought of it.
However, this was a time for action.
"I'll get you some water to bathe your eyes," he offered, and ran into the little room over the kitchen to get a pitcher.
A cracked shaving-mug was the only vessel that had been left, but he hurried down into the yard with it.
This was no time for fastidiousness.
He had barely creaked the pump handle when Mr. Van Kamp hurried up from the barn.

"This was all we ever had to do until the Golden Cap fell into the hands of the Wicked Witch of the West, who made us enslave the Winkies, and afterward drive Oz himself out of the Land of the West.
Now the Golden Cap is yours, and three times you have the right to lay your wishes upon us."
As the Monkey King finished his story Dorothy looked down and saw the green, shining walls of the Emerald City before them.
She wondered at the rapid flight of the Monkeys, but was glad the journey was over.
The strange creatures set the travelers down carefully before the gate of the City, the King bowed low to Dorothy, and then flew swiftly away, followed by all his band.
"That was a good ride," said the little girl.
"Yes, and a quick way out of our troubles," replied the Lion.
"How lucky it was you brought away that wonderful Cap!"
15.
The Discovery of Oz, the Terrible 
The four travelers walked up to the great gate of Emerald City and rang the bell.
After ringing several times, it was opened by the same Guardian of the Gates they had met before.
"What!

"Well, Bruce, my boy; so the portrait is really finished, is it really finished?
Well, bring it out.
Let's have a look at it.
This will be a wonderful surprise for your aunt.
Where is it?
Let's  "
And then he got it suddenly, when he wasn't set for the punch; and he rocked back on his heels.
"Oosh!"
he exclaimed.
And for perhaps a minute there was one of the scaliest silences I've ever run up against.
"Is this a practical joke?"
he said at last, in a way that set about sixteen draughts cutting through the room at once.
I thought it was up to me to rally round old Corky.

Each of the rooms was furnished and arranged in a different style.
The note of individuality extended even to the croupiers.
Thus, a man with money at his command could wander from the Dutch room, where, in the picturesque surroundings of a Dutch kitchen, croupiers in the costume of Holland ministered to his needs, to the Japanese room, where his coin would be raked in by quite passable imitations of the Samurai.
If he had any left at this point, he was free to dispose of it under the auspices of near-Hindoos in the Indian room, of merry Swiss peasants in the Swiss room, or in other appropriately furnished apartments of red-shirted, Bret Harte miners, fur-clad Esquimaux, or languorous Spaniards.
He could then, if a man of spirit, who did not know when he was beaten, collect the family jewels, and proceed down the main hall, accompanied by the strains of an excellent band, to the office of a gentlemanly pawnbroker, who spoke seven languages like a native and was prepared to advance money on reasonable security in all of them.
It was a colossal venture, but it suffered from the defect from which most big things suffer; it moved slowly.
That it also moved steadily was to some extent a consolation to Mr. Scobell.
Undoubtedly it would progress quicker and quicker, as time went on, until at length the Casino became a permanent gold mine.
But at present it was being conducted at a loss.
It was inevitable, but it irked Mr. Scobell.
He paced the island and brooded.
His mind dwelt incessantly on the problem.

The night wore out, and, as he stood upon the bridge listening to the water as it splashed the river-walls of the Island of Paris, where the picturesque confusion of houses and cathedral shone bright in the light of the moon, the day came coldly, looking like a dead face out of the sky.
Then, the night, with the moon and the stars, turned pale and died, and for a little while it seemed as if Creation were delivered over to Death's dominion.
But, the glorious sun, rising, seemed to strike those words, that burden of the night, straight and warm to his heart in its long bright rays.
And looking along them, with reverently shaded eyes, a bridge of light appeared to span the air between him and the sun, while the river sparkled under it.
The strong tide, so swift, so deep, and certain, was like a congenial friend, in the morning stillness.
He walked by the stream, far from the houses, and in the light and warmth of the sun fell asleep on the bank.
When he awoke and was afoot again, he lingered there yet a little longer, watching an eddy that turned and turned purposeless, until the stream absorbed it, and carried it on to the sea.
“Like me.”
A trading-boat, with a sail of the softened colour of a dead leaf, then glided into his view, floated by him, and died away.
As its silent track in the water disappeared, the prayer that had broken up out of his heart for a merciful consideration of all his poor blindnesses and errors, ended in the words, “I am the resurrection and the life.”
Mr. Lorry was already out when he got back, and it was easy to surmise where the good old man was gone.
Sydney Carton drank nothing but a little coffee, ate some bread, and, having washed and changed to refresh himself, went out to the place of trial.
The court was all astir and a-buzz, when the black sheep whom many fell away from in dread pressed him into an obscure corner among the crowd.
Mr. Lorry was there, and Doctor Manette was there.

IV 
THE GODDESS WHO CAME TO LIVE WITH MANKIND 
(A LEGEND OF THE SHILLONG PEAK)
Shillong Peak is the highest mountain in the Khasi Hills, and although it bears such a prosaic name in our days, the mountain was a place of renown in the days of the Ancient Khasis, full of romance and mystery, sacred to the spirits and to the gods.
In those days the mountain itself, and the whole country to the north of it, was one vast forest, where dwelt demons and dragons, who cast evil spells and caused dire sickness to fall upon any unfortunate person who happened to spend a night in that wild forest.
In the mountain there lived a god.
At first the Ancients had no clear revelation about this deity; they were vaguely aware of his existence, but there was no decree that sacrifices should be offered to him.
After a time there arose among the Khasis a very wise man of the name of U Shillong who was endowed with great insight to understand the mysteries, and he discovered that the god of the mountain was great and powerful, and sacrifice and reverence should be offered to him, and he taught his neighbours how to perform the rites acceptably.
The name of the deity was not revealed, so the people began to call him "U 'Lei Shillong" (the god of U Shillong) after the name of the man who first paid him homage.
Then gradually he came to be called "the god Shillong," and in time the mountain itself was called the mountain of Shillong, and from this is derived the name of the present town of Shillong.
Possibly the god Shillong was, and remains, one of the best-known and most generally reverenced of all the Khasi gods, for even on the far hill-tops of Jaintia altars have been raised to his service and honour.
Although sacrifices are being offered to him at distant shrines, the abode of the god is in the Shillong mountain, more especially in the sacred grove on the summit of the peak itself, which is such a familiar landmark in the country.
Judging from tradition, this deity was regarded as a benign and benevolent being, forbearing in his attitude towards mankind, who were privileged to hunt in his forests unhindered by dangers and sicknesses, and the dances of mankind were acceptable in his sight.
He frequently assisted them in their misfortunes and helped them to overcome the oppression of demons.
It was he who endowed U Suidnoh with wisdom to fight and to conquer U Thlen, the great snake-god and vampire from Cherrapoonjee, and it was by his intervention that Ka Thei and her sister were delivered from the grasp of the merciless demon, U Ksuid Tynjang.

they would make a good feast of what we have left here; but it was you, William, who had a mind to lose them: I told you we should repent of it.
What are they now doing in the forest?
Alas!
dear God, the wolves have perhaps already eaten them up; thou art very inhuman thus to have lost thy children.”
The fagot-maker grew at last quite out of patience, for she repeated it above twenty times, that they should repent of it, and that she was in the right of it for so saying.
He threatened to beat her if she did not hold her tongue.
It was not that the fagot-maker was not, perhaps, more vexed than his wife, but that she teased him, and that he was of the humor of a great many others, who love wives to speak well, but think those very importunate who are continually doing so.
She was half-drowned in tears, crying out:
“Alas!
where are now my children, my poor children?”
She spoke this so very loud that the children, who were at the gate, began to cry out all together:
“Here we are!
Here we are!”
She ran immediately to open the door, and said, hugging them:
“I am glad to see you, my dear children; you are very hungry and weary; and my poor Peter, thou art horribly bemired; come in and let me clean thee.”
Now, you must know that Peter was her eldest son, whom she loved above all the rest, because he was somewhat carroty, as she herself was.
They sat down to supper, and ate with such a good appetite as pleased both father and mother, whom they acquainted how frightened they were in the forest, speaking almost always all together.
The good folks were extremely glad to see their children once more at home, and this joy continued while the ten crowns lasted; but, when the money was all gone, they fell again into their former uneasiness, and resolved to lose them again; and, that they might be the surer of doing it, to carry them to a much greater distance than before.
They could not talk of this so secretly but they were overheard by Little Thumb, who made account to get out of this difficulty as well as the former; but, though he got up very early in the morning to go and pick up some little pebbles, he was disappointed, for he found the house-door double-locked, and was at a stand what to do.

It is really too dreadful!
I shall never get over it.”
“But they have not lost their only son,” said the Roman Candle; “no misfortune has happened to them at all.”
“I never said that they had,” replied the Rocket; “I said that they might.
If they had lost their only son there would be no use in saying anything more about the matter.
I hate people who cry over spilt milk.
But when I think that they might lose their only son, I certainly am very much affected.”
“You certainly are!” cried the Bengal Light.
“In fact, you are the most affected person I ever met.”
“You are the rudest person I ever met,” said the Rocket, “and you cannot understand my friendship for the Prince.”
“Why, you don’t even know him,” growled the Roman Candle.
“I never said I knew him,” answered the Rocket.
“I dare say that if I knew him I should not be his friend at all.
It is a very dangerous thing to know one’s friends.”
“You had really better keep yourself dry,” said the Fire-balloon.
“That is the important thing.”
“Very important for you, I have no doubt,” answered the Rocket, “but I shall weep if I choose”; and he actually burst into real tears, which flowed down his stick like rain-drops, and nearly drowned two little beetles, who were just thinking of setting up house together, and were looking for a nice dry spot to live in.
“He must have a truly romantic nature,” said the Catherine Wheel, “for he weeps when there is nothing at all to weep about”; and she heaved a deep sigh, and thought about the deal box.
But the Roman Candle and the Bengal Light were quite indignant, and kept saying, “Humbug!

She stood looking at these curious shoes; and the bright buttons on them seemed to wink at her like eyes, while the heels tapped on the floor a sort of tune.
Before she dared to stir, her mother called from the next room, 
"Kitty, run and tell the cook to make a pie for dinner; I forgot it."
"I don't want to," began Kitty, with a whine as usual.
But the words were hardly out of her mouth when the shoes gave one jump, and took her downstairs, through the hall, and landed her at the kitchen door.
Her breath was nearly gone; but she gave the message, and turned round, trying to see if the shoes would let her walk at all.
They went nicely till she wanted to turn into the china-closet where the cake was.
She was forbidden to touch it, but loved to take a bit when she could.
Now she found that her feet were fixed fast to the floor, and could not be moved till her father said, as he passed the window close by, 
"You will have time to go to the post-office before school and get my letters."
"I can't," began Kitty; but she found she could, for away went the shoes, out of the house at one bound, and trotted down the street so fast that the maid who ran after her with her hat could not catch her.
"I can't stop!"
cried Kitty; and she did not till the shoes took her straight into the office.
"What's the hurry to-day?"

Not for a minute.
See here.
I'm not blaming you.
I know you don't know what you're saying.
But listen here.
You must cut out this kind of thing.
You mustn't get these ideas in your head.
You stick to your job, and don't butt in on other folks'.
Do you know how long you'd stay Prince of this joint if you started in to monkey with my Casino?
Just about long enough to let you pack a collar-stud and a toothbrush into your grip.
And after that there wouldn't be any more Prince, sonnie.
You stick to your job and I'll stick to mine.

CAP O' RUSHES 
Well, there was once a very rich gentleman, and he'd three daughters, and he thought he'd see how fond they were of him.
So he says to the first, “How much do you love me, my dear?”
“Why,” says she, “as I love my life.”
“That's good,” says he.
So he says to the second, “How much do you love me, my dear?”
“Why,” says she, “better nor all the world.”
“That's good,” says he.
So he says to the third, “How much do you love me, my dear?”
“Why, I love you as fresh meat loves salt,” says she.
Well, he was that angry.
“You don't love me at all,” says he, “and in my house you stay no more.” So he drove her out there and then, and shut the door in her face.
Well, she went away on and on till she came to a fen, and there she gathered a lot of rushes and made them into a kind of a sort of a cloak with a hood, to cover her from head to foot, and to hide her fine clothes.
And then she went on and on till she came to a great house.
“Do you want a maid?” says she.
“No, we don't,” said they.
“I haven't nowhere to go,” says she; “and I ask no wages, and do any sort of work,” says she.
“Well,” says they, “if you like to wash the pots and scrape the saucepans you may stay,” said they.

It's only the vain part of me that goes and cries in this silly way.
Don't tell anyone, it's all over now.
I thought you were asleep, so I just made a little private moan for my one beauty.
How came you to be awake?"
"I can't sleep, I'm so anxious," said Meg.
"Think about something pleasant, and you'll soon drop off."
"I tried it, but felt wider awake than ever."
"What did you think of?"
"Handsome faces eyes particularly," answered Meg, smiling to herself in the dark.
"What color do you like best?"
"Brown, that is, sometimes.
Blue are lovely."

It deals largely with the beginning of the thirteen original colonies from which sprang the Republic, the operation of which now gives so many thousands of men in-door employment four years at a time, thus relieving the penitentiaries and throwing more kindergarten statesmen to the front.
It was during this epoch that the Cavaliers landed in Virginia and the Puritans in Massachusetts; the latter lived on maple sugar and armed prayer, while the former saluted his cow, and, with bared head, milked her with his hat in one hand and his life in the other.
Immigration now began to increase along the coast.
The Mayflower began to bring over vast quantities of antique furniture, mostly hall-clocks for future sales.
Hanging them on spars and masts during rough weather easily accounts for the fact that none of them have ever been known to go.
The Puritans now began to barter with the Indians, swapping square black bottles of liquid hell for farms in Massachusetts and additions to log towns.
Dried apples and schools began to make their appearance.
The low retreating forehead of the codfish began to be seen at the stores, and virtue began to break out among the Indians after death.
Virginia, however, deserves mention here on the start.
This colony was poorly prepared to tote wood and sleep out-of-doors, as the people were all gents by birth.
They had no families, but came to Virginia to obtain fortunes and return to the city of New York in September.
The climate was unhealthy, and before the first autumn, says Sir William Kronk, from whom I quote, "ye greater numberr of them hade perished of a great Miserrie in the Side and for lacke of Food, for at thatte time the Crosse betweene the wilde hyena and the common hogge of the Holy Lande, and since called the Razor Backe Hogge, had not been made, and so many of the courtiers dyede."

The reason for shooting him stopped yesterday I heard Father say so so it wouldn't be fair, anyhow.
I'm very sorry; but I can't so there!"
The sportsman said nothing, only he shook his fist at Jane, and then he got on the slide and tried to go toward the Crystal Palace which was not easy, because that way is uphill.
So they left him trying, and went on.
Before they started, the white grouse thanked them in a few pleasant, well-chosen words, and then they took a sideways slanting run and started off again on the great slide, and so away toward the North Pole and the twinkling, beautiful lights.
The great slide went on and on, and the lights did not seem to come much nearer, and the white silence wrapped around them as they slid along the wide, icy path.
Then once again the silence was broken to bits by someone calling: "Hey!
You there!
Stop!"
"Tumble for your life!"
cried George, and tumbled as before, stopping in the only possible way, and Jane stopped on top of him, and they crawled to the edge and came suddenly on a butterfly collector, who was looking for specimens with a pair of blue glasses and a blue net and a blue book with colored plates.
"Excuse me," said the collector, "but have you such a thing as a needle about you a very long needle?"

The watchmen in the field dared not go up to him; but going home, they published the news.
Then all the villagers came out with weapons in their hands; and blowing chanks, and beating drums, they went near the field and shouted.
Terrified with the fear of death, the ass uttered a cry the bray of an ass!
And when he knew him then to be an ass, the future Buddha pronounced the First Verse:
    "This is not a lion's roaring,     Nor a tiger's, nor a panther's;     Dressed in a lion's skin,       'Tis a wretched ass that roars!"
But when the villagers knew the creature to be an ass, they beat him till his bones broke; and, carrying off the lion's skin, went away.
Then the hawker came; and seeing the ass fallen into so bad a plight, pronounced the Second Verse:
    "Long might the ass,     Clad in a lion's skin,     Have fed on the barley green.
But he brayed!
And that moment he came to ruin."
And even whilst he was yet speaking the ass died on the spot!
The Farmer and the Money-lender 
There was once a farmer who suffered much at the hands of a money-lender.
Good harvests, or bad, the farmer was always poor, the money-lender rich.
At the last, when he hadn't a farthing left, farmer went to the money-lender's house, and said, "You can't squeeze water from a stone, and as you have nothing to get by me now, you might tell me the secret of becoming rich."

(1)


THE ADVENTURES OF PINOCCHIO 

CHAPTER 1 
How it happened that Mastro Cherry, carpenter, found a piece of wood that wept and laughed like a child.
Centuries ago there lived 
“A king!” my little readers will say immediately.
No, children, you are mistaken.
Once upon a time there was a piece of wood.
It was not an expensive piece of wood.
Far from it.
Just a common block of firewood, one of those thick, solid logs that are put on the fire in winter to make cold rooms cozy and warm.
I do not know how this really happened, yet the fact remains that one fine day this piece of wood found itself in the shop of an old carpenter.
His real name was Mastro Antonio, but everyone called him Mastro Cherry, for the tip of his nose was so round and red and shiny that it looked like a ripe cherry.
As soon as he saw that piece of wood, Mastro Cherry was filled with joy.
Rubbing his hands together happily, he mumbled half to himself:
“This has come in the nick of time.
I shall use it to make the leg of a table.”
He grasped the hatchet quickly to peel off the bark and shape the wood.

“Now,” he said, “I will go to men.
But first I must say farewell to my mother.” And he went to the cave where she lived with Father Wolf, and he cried on her coat, while the four cubs howled miserably.
“Ye will not forget me?” said Mowgli.
“Never while we can follow a trail,” said the cubs.
“Come to the foot of the hill when thou art a man, and we will talk to thee; and we will come into the croplands to play with thee by night.”
“Come soon!” said Father Wolf.
“Oh, wise little frog, come again soon; for we be old, thy mother and I.”
“Come soon,” said Mother Wolf, “little naked son of mine.
For, listen, child of man, I loved thee more than ever I loved my cubs.”
“I will surely come,” said Mowgli.
“And when I come it will be to lay out Shere Khan’s hide upon the Council Rock.
Do not forget me!
Tell them in the jungle never to forget me!”
The dawn was beginning to break when Mowgli went down the hillside alone, to meet those mysterious things that are called men.
Hunting-Song of the Seeonee Pack 
     As the dawn was breaking the Sambhur belled         Once, twice and again!
And a doe leaped up, and a doe leaped up      From the pond in the wood where the wild deer sup.

Aglaya had made for the door in terror, but she stopped at the threshold, and listened.
“Shall I turn Rogojin off?
Ha!
ha!
you thought I would marry him for your benefit, did you?
Why, I’ll call out now, if you like, in your presence, ‘Rogojin, get out!’ and say to the prince, ‘Do you remember what you promised me?’ Heavens!
what a fool I have been to humiliate myself before them!
Why, prince, you yourself gave me your word that you would marry me whatever happened, and would never abandon me.
You said you loved me and would forgive me all, and and resp yes, you even said that!
I only ran away from you in order to set you free, and now I don’t care to let you go again.
Why does she treat me so so shamefully?
I am not a loose woman ask Rogojin there!

All right, though nothing's happened.”
“My!
have I been asleep?”
“Oh, partly, partly.
Nearly time for us to be moving, pard.
What'll we do with what little swag we've got left?”
“I don't know leave it here as we've always done, I reckon.
No use to take it away till we start south.
Six hundred and fifty in silver's something to carry.”
“Well all right it won't matter to come here once more.”
“No but I'd say come in the night as we used to do it's better.”
“Yes: but look here; it may be a good while before I get the right chance at that job; accidents might happen; 'tain't in such a very good place; we'll just regularly bury it and bury it deep.”
“Good idea,” said the comrade, who walked across the room, knelt down, raised one of the rearward hearth-stones and took out a bag that jingled pleasantly.
He subtracted from it twenty or thirty dollars for himself and as much for Injun Joe, and passed the bag to the latter, who was on his knees in the corner, now, digging with his bowie-knife.
The boys forgot all their fears, all their miseries in an instant.
With gloating eyes they watched every movement.
Luck!
the splendor of it was beyond all imagination!
Six hundred dollars was money enough to make half a dozen boys rich!

Otherwise I don't think the Rotundians could have borne with him.
As it was, they made him a house, and it saved the expense of a brass band, because no band could possibly have been heard when the dormouse was talking in his sleep.
The men and women and children in this wonderful island were quite the right size, because their ancestors had come over with the Conqueror long after the island had settled down and the animals grown on it.
Now the natural history lesson is over, and if you have been attending, you know more about Rotundia than anyone there did, except three people:
the Lord Chief Schoolmaster, the Princess's uncle who was a magician, and knew everything without learning it and Tom, the gardener's son.
Tom had learned more at school than anyone else, because he wished to take a prize.
The prize offered by the Lord Chief Schoolmaster was a History of Rotundia, beautifully bound, with the Royal arms on the back.
But after that day when the Princess said she meant to marry Tom, the gardener's boy thought it over, and he decided that the best prize in the world would be the Princess, and this was the prize Tom meant to take; and when you are a gardener's son and have decided to marry a Princess, you will find that the more you learn at school the better.
The Princess always played with Tom on the days when the little dukes and marquises did not come to tea and when he told her he was almost sure of the first prize, she clapped her hands and said: "Dear Tom, dear good, clever Tom, you deserve all the prizes.
And I will give you my pet elephant and you can keep him till we're married."
The pet elephant was called Fido, and the gardener's son took him away in his coat pocket.
He was the dearest little elephant you ever saw about six inches long.
But he was very, very wise he could not have been wiser if he had been a mile high.

For instance, if he had been told that he would be stabbed at the altar, or publicly insulted, he would undoubtedly have been frightened; but not so much at the idea of being murdered, or wounded, or insulted, as at the thought that if such things were to happen he would be made to look ridiculous in the eyes of society.
He knew well that Nastasia thoroughly understood him and where to wound him and how, and therefore, as the marriage was still only in embryo, Totski decided to conciliate her by giving it up.
His decision was strengthened by the fact that Nastasia Philipovna had curiously altered of late.
It would be difficult to conceive how different she was physically, at the present time, to the girl of a few years ago.
She was pretty then... but now!...
Totski laughed angrily when he thought how short-sighted he had been.
In days gone by he remembered how he had looked at her beautiful eyes, how even then he had marvelled at their dark mysterious depths, and at their wondering gaze which seemed to seek an answer to some unknown riddle.
Her complexion also had altered.
She was now exceedingly pale, but, curiously, this change only made her more beautiful.
Like most men of the world, Totski had rather despised such a cheaply-bought conquest, but of late years he had begun to think differently about it.
It had struck him as long ago as last spring that he ought to be finding a good match for Nastasia; for instance, some respectable and reasonable young fellow serving in a government office in another part of the country.
How maliciously Nastasia laughed at the idea of such a thing, now!

So he came to where the North Wind lived late in the afternoon.
"Good evening!"
said the Lad.
"Good evening!"
said the North Wind.
"I want my rights for that meal of ours which you took," said the Lad; "for, as for that cloth I got, it isn't worth a penny."
"I've got no meal," said the North Wind; "but yonder you have a ram which coins nothing but golden ducats as soon as you say to it: 'Ram, ram!
make money!'"
So the Lad thought this a fine thing; but as it was too far to get home that day, he turned in for the night to the same inn where he had slept before.
Before he called for anything, he tried the truth of what the North Wind had said of the ram, and found it all right; but, when the landlord saw that, he thought it was a famous ram, and, when the Lad had fallen asleep, he took another which couldn't coin gold ducats, and changed the two.
Next morning off went the Lad; and when he got home to his mother, he said:
"After all, the North Wind is a jolly fellow; for now he has given me a ram which can coin golden ducats if I only say: 'Ram, ram!
make money!'"

In spite of the sly smile that he had permitted to himself, he was unusually interested.
He tried the weather, the flood, the accident, golf, books and three good, substantial, warranted jokes, but the conversation lagged in spite of him.
Miss Van Kamp would not for the world have it understood that this unconventional meeting, made allowable by her wrenched ankle, could possibly fulfill the functions of a formal introduction.
"What a ripping, queer old building that is!"
he exclaimed, making one more brave effort as they came in sight of the hotel.
"It is, rather," she assented.
"The rooms in it are as quaint and delightful as the exterior, too."
She looked as harmless and innocent as a basket of peaches as she said it, and never the suspicion of a smile deepened the dimple in the cheek toward him.
The smile was glowing cheerfully away inside, though.
He could feel it, if he could not see it, and he laughed aloud.
"Your crowd rather got the better of us there," he admitted with the keen appreciation of one still quite close to college days.
"Of course, the mater is furious, but I rather look on it as a lark."

Could he really say what they were, after one short visit?
Even Lebedeff seemed an enigma today.
Did he expect to find him so?
He had never seen him like that before.
Lebedeff and the Comtesse du Barry!
Good Heavens!
If Rogojin should really kill someone, it would not, at any rate, be such a senseless, chaotic affair.
A knife made to a special pattern, and six people killed in a kind of delirium.
But Rogojin also had a knife made to a special pattern.
Can it be that Rogojin wishes to murder anyone?
The prince began to tremble violently.
“It is a crime on my part to imagine anything so base, with such cynical frankness.” His face reddened with shame at the thought; and then there came across him as in a flash the memory of the incidents at the Pavlofsk station, and at the other station in the morning; and the question asked him by Rogojin about the eyes and Rogojin’s cross, that he was even now wearing; and the benediction of Rogojin’s mother; and his embrace on the darkened staircase that last supreme renunciation and now, to find himself full of this new “idea,” staring into shop-windows, and looking round for things how base he was!

Between the blossoming branches of the canopy bits of blue sky looked down like wonderful eyes.
Mary and Dickon worked a little here and there and Colin watched them.
They brought him things to look at—buds which were opening, buds which were tight closed, bits of twig whose leaves were just showing green, the feather of a woodpecker which had dropped on the grass, the empty shell of some bird early hatched.
Dickon pushed the chair slowly round and round the garden, stopping every other moment to let him look at wonders springing out of the earth or trailing down from trees.
It was like being taken in state round the country of a magic king and queen and shown all the mysterious riches it contained.
“I wonder if we shall see the robin?” said Colin.
“Tha’ll see him often enow after a bit,” answered Dickon.
“When th’
eggs hatches out th’ little chap he’ll be kep’ so busy it’ll make his head swim.
Tha’ll see him flyin’ backward an’ for’ard carryin’ worms nigh as big as himsel’ an’ that much noise goin’ on in th’ nest when he gets there as fair flusters him so as he scarce knows which big mouth to drop th’ first piece in.
An’ gapin’ beaks an’ squawks on every side.
Mother says as when she sees th’ work a robin has to keep them gapin’
beaks filled, she feels like she was a lady with nothin’ to do.
She says she’s seen th’ little chaps when it seemed like th’ sweat must be droppin’ off ’em, though folk can’t see it.”
This made them giggle so delightedly that they were obliged to cover their mouths with their hands, remembering that they must not be heard.

THE FOUR WHITE SWANS 
In the days of long ago there lived in the Green Isle of Erin a race of brave men and fair women the race of the Dedannans.
North, south, east, and west did this noble people dwell, doing homage to many chiefs.
But one blue morning after a great battle the Dedannans met on a wide plain to choose a King.
'Let us,' they said, 'have one King over all.
Let us no longer have many rulers.'
Forth from among the Princes rose five well fitted to wield a sceptre and to wear a crown, yet most royal stood Bove Derg and Lir.
And forth did the five chiefs wander, that the Dedannan folk might freely say to whom they would most gladly do homage as King.
Not far did they roam, for soon there arose a great cry, 'Bove Derg is King.
Bove Derg is King.'
And all were glad, save Lir.
But Lir was angry, and he left the plain where the Dedannan people were, taking leave of none, and doing Bove Derg no reverence.
For jealousy filled the heart of Lir.

"You are the bravest, dearest, most beautiful "
"Hush," whispered the Hippogriff modestly.
"Don't you see that we are not alone?"
And indeed there was quite a crowd round them on the Pebbly Waste: the Prime Minister and the Parliament and the Soccer Players and the Orphanage and the Manticora and the Rocking Horse, and indeed everyone who had been eaten by the Dragon.
You see, it was impossible for the Dragon to take them into the book with him it was a tight fit even for one Dragon so, of course, he had to leave them outside.
They all got home somehow, and all lived happy ever after.
When the King asked the Manticora where he would like to live he begged to be allowed to go back into the book.
"I do not care for public life,"
he said.
Of course he knew his way onto his own page, so there was no danger of his opening the book at the wrong page and letting out a Dragon or anything.
So he got back into his picture and has never come out since:
That is why you will never see a Manticora as long as you live, except in a picture-book.
And of course he left the kitties outside, because there was no room for them in the book and the milk cans too.
Then the Rocking Horse begged to be allowed to go and live on the Hippogriff's page of the book.
"I should like," he said, "to live somewhere where Dragons can't get at me."

"I beg your pardon, sir," said Mr. Van Kamp, "but this water belongs to us.
My daughter bought it, all that is in the ground, above the ground, or that may fall from the sky upon these premises."
IX 
The mutual siege lasted until after seven o'clock, but it was rather one-sided.
The Van Kamps could drink all the water they liked, it made them no hungrier.
If the Ellsworths ate anything, however, they grew thirstier, and, moreover, water was necessary if anything worth while was to be cooked.
They knew all this, and resisted until Mrs.
Ellsworth was tempted and fell.
She ate a sandwich and choked.
It was heartbreaking, but Ralph had to be sent down with a plate of sandwiches and an offer to trade them for water.
Halfway between the pump and the house he met Evelyn coming with a small pail of the precious fluid.
They both stopped stock still; then, seeing that it was too late to retreat, both laughed and advanced.
"Who wins now?"
bantered Ralph as they made the exchange.

Then a neighbor came in, who also had a marito under her arm.
"Felicita," she said, "what are you doing to the child?"
"The child is mine," she answered; "I can murder him if I like, and you too, Giannina."
Then again she swung the fire pot about.
The other woman lifted hers up to defend herself, and the two pots clashed so violently that they were dashed to pieces and fire and ashes flew about the room.
The boy rushed out at the sight, sped across the courtyard, and fled from the house.
The poor child ran till he was quite out of breath.
At last he stopped at the church the doors of which were opened to him the night before, and went in.
Here everything was bright, and the boy knelt down by the first tomb on his right hand, the grave of Michelangelo, and sobbed as if his heart would break.
People came and went; the service went on, but no one noticed the boy except an elderly citizen, who stood still and looked at him for a moment and then went away like the rest.
Hunger and thirst overpowered the child, and he became quite faint and ill. At last he crept into a corner behind the marble monuments and went to sleep.
Towards evening he was awakened by a pull at his sleeve.

"Colonel Brandon, I think, lodges in St. James Street," said he, soon afterwards, rising from his chair.
Elinor told him the number of the house.
"I must hurry away then, to give him those thanks which you will not allow me to give YOU; to assure him that he has made me a very an exceedingly happy man."
Elinor did not offer to detain him; and they parted, with a very earnest assurance on HER side of her unceasing good wishes for his happiness in every change of situation that might befall him; on HIS, with rather an attempt to return the same good will, than the power of expressing it.
"When I see him again," said Elinor to herself, as the door shut him out, "I shall see him the husband of Lucy."
And with this pleasing anticipation, she sat down to reconsider the past, recall the words and endeavour to comprehend all the feelings of Edward; and, of course, to reflect on her own with discontent.
When Mrs. Jennings came home, though she returned from seeing people whom she had never seen before, and of whom therefore she must have a great deal to say, her mind was so much more occupied by the important secret in her possession, than by anything else, that she reverted to it again as soon as Elinor appeared.
"Well, my dear," she cried, "I sent you up the young man.
Did not I do right?
And I suppose you had no great difficulty You did not find him very unwilling to accept your proposal?"
"No, ma'am; THAT was not very likely."
"Well, and how soon will he be ready?

"Oh!
Elinor," she cried, "you have made me hate myself for ever.
How barbarous have I been to you!
you, who have been my only comfort, who have borne with me in all my misery, who have seemed to be only suffering for me!
Is this my gratitude?
Is this the only return I can make you?
Because your merit cries out upon myself, I have been trying to do it away."
The tenderest caresses followed this confession.
In such a frame of mind as she was now in, Elinor had no difficulty in obtaining from her whatever promise she required; and at her request, Marianne engaged never to speak of the affair to any one with the least appearance of bitterness; to meet Lucy without betraying the smallest increase of dislike to her; and even to see Edward himself, if chance should bring them together, without any diminution of her usual cordiality.
These were great concessions; but where Marianne felt that she had injured, no reparation could be too much for her to make.
She performed her promise of being discreet, to admiration.
She attended to all that Mrs. Jennings had to say upon the subject, with an unchanging complexion, dissented from her in nothing, and was heard three times to say, "Yes, ma'am."

The farther on he went, the brighter and clearer grew the tiny light.
On and on he walked till finally he found I give you a thousand guesses, my dear children!
He found a little table set for dinner and lighted by a candle stuck in a glass bottle; and near the table sat a little old man, white as the snow, eating live fish.
They wriggled so that, now and again, one of them slipped out of the old man’s mouth and escaped into the darkness under the table.
At this sight, the poor Marionette was filled with such great and sudden happiness that he almost dropped in a faint.
He wanted to laugh, he wanted to cry, he wanted to say a thousand and one things, but all he could do was to stand still, stuttering and stammering brokenly.
At last, with a great effort, he was able to let out a scream of joy and, opening wide his arms he threw them around the old man’s neck.
“Oh, Father, dear Father!
Have I found you at last?
Now I shall never, never leave you again!”
“Are my eyes really telling me the truth?” answered the old man, rubbing his eyes.
“Are you really my own dear Pinocchio?”
“Yes, yes, yes!
It is I!

"Do you call that a wonderful exploit?"
asked one of the young maidens, with a smile.
"Any clown in the country has done as much!"
"Had it been an ordinary stable," replied the stranger, "I should not have mentioned it.
But this was so gigantic a task that it would have taken me all my life to perform it, if I had not luckily thought of turning the channel of a river through the stable-door.
That did the business in a very short time!"
Seeing how earnestly his fair auditors listened, he next told them how he had shot some monstrous birds, and had caught a wild bull alive and let him go again, and had tamed a number of very wild horses, and had conquered Hippolyta, the warlike queen of the Amazons.
He mentioned, likewise, that he had taken off Hippolyta's enchanted girdle, and had given it to the daughter of his cousin, the king.
"Was it the girdle of Venus," inquired the prettiest of the damsels, "which makes women beautiful?"
"No," answered the stranger.
"It had formerly been the sword-belt of Mars; and it can only make the wearer valiant and courageous."
"An old sword-belt!"

“My sledge!
Do not forget my sledge!” It was the first thing he thought of.
It was there tied to one of the white chickens, who flew along with it on his back behind the large sledge.
The Snow Queen kissed Kay once more, and then he forgot little Gerda, grandmother, and all whom he had left at his home.
“Now you will have no more kisses,” said she, “or else I should kiss you to death!”
Kay looked at her.
She was very beautiful; a more clever, or a more lovely countenance he could not fancy to himself; and she no longer appeared of ice as before, when she sat outside the window, and beckoned to him; in his eyes she was perfect, he did not fear her at all, and told her that he could calculate in his head and with fractions, even; that he knew the number of square miles there were in the different countries, and how many inhabitants they contained; and she smiled while he spoke.
It then seemed to him as if what he knew was not enough, and he looked upwards in the large huge empty space above him, and on she flew with him; flew high over the black clouds, while the storm moaned and whistled as though it were singing some old tune.
On they flew over woods and lakes, over seas, and many lands; and beneath them the chilling storm rushed fast, the wolves howled, the snow crackled; above them flew large screaming crows, but higher up appeared the moon, quite large and bright; and it was on it that Kay gazed during the long long winter's night; while by day he slept at the feet of the Snow Queen.
THIRD STORY.
Of the Flower-Garden At the Old Woman's Who Understood Witchcraft 
But what became of little Gerda when Kay did not return?
Where could he be?
Nobody knew; nobody could give any intelligence.

The prince did not notice that others were talking and making themselves agreeable to Aglaya; in fact, at moments, he almost forgot that he was sitting by her himself.
At other moments he felt a longing to go away somewhere and be alone with his thoughts, and to feel that no one knew where he was.
Or if that were impossible he would like to be alone at home, on the terrace without either Lebedeff or his children, or anyone else about him, and to lie there and think a day and night and another day again!
He thought of the mountains and especially of a certain spot which he used to frequent, whence he would look down upon the distant valleys and fields, and see the waterfall, far off, like a little silver thread, and the old ruined castle in the distance.
Oh!
how he longed to be there now alone with his thoughts to think of one thing all his life one thing!
A thousand years would not be too much time!
And let everyone here forget him forget him utterly!
How much better it would have been if they had never known him if all this could but prove to be a dream.
Perhaps it was a dream!
Now and then he looked at Aglaya for five minutes at a time, without taking his eyes off her face; but his expression was very strange; he would gaze at her as though she were an object a couple of miles distant, or as though he were looking at her portrait and not at herself at all.
“Why do you look at me like that, prince?” she asked suddenly, breaking off her merry conversation and laughter with those about her.

All gold and silver and di'monds,” said Joe, with enthusiasm.
“Who?” said Huck.
“Why, the pirates.”
Huck scanned his own clothing forlornly.
“I reckon I ain't dressed fitten for a pirate,” said he, with a regretful pathos in his voice; “but I ain't got none but these.”
But the other boys told him the fine clothes would come fast enough, after they should have begun their adventures.
They made him understand that his poor rags would do to begin with, though it was customary for wealthy pirates to start with a proper wardrobe.
Gradually their talk died out and drowsiness began to steal upon the eyelids of the little waifs.
The pipe dropped from the fingers of the Red-Handed, and he slept the sleep of the conscience-free and the weary.
The Terror of the Seas and the Black Avenger of the Spanish Main had more difficulty in getting to sleep.
They said their prayers inwardly, and lying down, since there was nobody there with authority to make them kneel and recite aloud; in truth, they had a mind not to say them at all, but they were afraid to proceed to such lengths as that, lest they might call down a sudden and special thunderbolt from heaven.
Then at once they reached and hovered upon the imminent verge of sleep but an intruder came, now, that would not “down.” It was conscience.
They began to feel a vague fear that they had been doing wrong to run away; and next they thought of the stolen meat, and then the real torture came.
They tried to argue it away by reminding conscience that they had purloined sweetmeats and apples scores of times; but conscience was not to be appeased by such thin plausibilities; it seemed to them, in the end, that there was no getting around the stubborn fact that taking sweetmeats was only “hooking,” while taking bacon and hams and such valuables was plain simple stealing and there was a command against that in the Bible.

"My friend," returned the money-lender, piously, "riches come from Ram ask him."
"Thank you, I will!"
replied the simple farmer; so he prepared three girdle-cakes to last him on the journey, and set out to find Ram.
First he met a Brahman, and to him he gave a cake, asking him to point out the road to Ram; but the Brahman only took the cake and went on his way without a word.
Next the farmer met a Jogi or devotee, and to him he gave a cake, without receiving any help in return.
At last, he came upon a poor man sitting under a tree, and finding out he was hungry, the kindly farmer gave him his last cake, and sitting down to rest beside him, entered into conversation.
"And where are you going?"
asked the poor man, at length.
"Oh, I have a long journey before me, for I am going to find Ram!"
replied the farmer.
"I don't suppose you could tell me which way to go?"
"Perhaps I can," said the poor man, smiling, "for I am Ram!

Is she not beau-ti-ful?
But she gave me such a cold kiss!"
"Poh, nonsense, children!"
cried their good, honest father, who, as we have already intimated, had an exceedingly common-sensible way of looking at matters.
"Do not tell me of making live figures out of snow.
Come, wife; this little stranger must not stay out in the bleak air a moment longer.
We will bring her into the parlor; and you shall give her a supper of warm bread and milk, and make her as comfortable as you can.
Meanwhile, I will inquire among the neighbors; or, if necessary, send the city-crier about the streets, to give notice of a lost child."
So saying, this honest and very kind-hearted man was going toward the little white damsel, with the best intentions in the world.
But Violet and Peony, each seizing their father by the hand, earnestly besought him not to make her come in.
"Dear father," cried Violet, putting herself before him, "it is true what I have been telling you!
This is our little snow-girl, and she cannot live any longer than while she breathes the cold west-wind.

She threw herself down in her mother's room and wept as if her heart would break.
Poor child, she longed just for one glimpse of the loved face, one sound of the voice calling her pet name, or for one moment's forgetfulness of the aching void in her heart.
Suddenly she sat up.
Her mother's last words had rung through her memory hitherto dulled by grief.
"Oh!
my mother told me when she gave me the mirror as a parting gift, that whenever I looked into it I should be able to meet her to see her.
I had nearly forgotten her last words how stupid I am; I will get the mirror now and see if it can possibly be true!"
She dried her eyes quickly, and going to the cupboard took out the box that contained the mirror, her heart beating with expectation as she lifted the mirror out and gazed into its smooth face.
Behold, her mother's words were true!
In the round mirror before her she saw her mother's face; but, oh, the joyful surprise!
It was not her mother thin and wasted by illness, but the young and beautiful woman as she remembered her far back in the days of her own earliest childhood.
It seemed to the girl that the face in the mirror must soon speak, almost that she heard the voice of her mother telling her again to grow up a good woman and a dutiful daughter, so earnestly did the eyes in the mirror look back into her own.

I was lying in bed.
I started up I thought I had been dreaming.
"On the night before Thanksgiving I went to bed early, being very tired.
The moon was full; the air was calm and still.
I was thinking of Nathaniel, and I wondered if he would indeed have the gander for his Thanksgiving dinner, if it would be cooked as well as I would have cooked it, and if he would think of me that day.
"I was just going to sleep when suddenly I heard a sound that made me start up and hold my breath.
"'Honk!'
"I thought it was a dream followed by a nervous shock.
"'Honk!
honk!'
"There it was again, in the yard, I was surely awake and in my senses.
"I heard the geese cackle.

Nine actors will feel a natural disappointment at not having the best part, and as it is obviously impossible to fix rehearsals so as to be equally convenient for everybody, the stage-manager, whose duty it is to fix them, will be very fortunate if he suits the convenience of the majority.
You will easily believe that it is his painful duty to insist upon regular attendance, and even to enforce it by fines or by expulsion from the part, if such stringent laws have been agreed to by the company beforehand.
But at the end he will have to bear in mind that private theatricals are an amusement, not a business; that it is said to be a pity to "make a toil of a pleasure"; that "boys will be boys"; that "Christmas comes but once a year," and holidays not much oftener and in a general way to console himself for the absence of defaulters, with the proverbial philosophy of everyday life, and the more reliable panacea of resolute good temper.
He must (without a thought of self) do his best to give the right parts to the right people, and he must try to combine a proper "cast"
with pleasing everybody so far as that impossible task is possible!
He must not only be ready to meet his own difficulties with each separate actor, but he must be prepared to be confidant, if not umpire, in all the squabbles which the actors and actresses may have among themselves.
If the performance is a great success, the actors will have the credit of it, and will probably be receiving compliments amongst the audience whilst the stage-manager is blowing out the guttering footlights, or showing the youngest performer how to get the paint off his cheeks, without taking the skin off into the bargain.
And if the performance is a failure, nine of the performers will have nine separate sets of proofs that it was due to the stage-manager's unfortunate selection of the piece, or mistaken judgment as to the characters.
He will, however, have the satisfaction (and when one has a head to plan and a heart in one's work, it is a satisfaction) of carrying through the thing in his own way, and sooner or later, and here and there, he will find some people who know the difficulties of his position, and will give him ample credit and kudos if he keeps his company in good humour, and carries out his plans without a breakdown.
By this time, my dear Rouge Pot, you will see that the stage-manager, like all rulers, pays dearly for his power; but it is to be hoped that the difficulties inseparable from his office will not be wilfully increased by 
THE ACTORS.
They are a touchy race at any time.
Amateur actors are said to have one and all a belief that each and every one can play any part of any kind.
Shakespeare found that some of them thought they could play every part also!

The judge was a big ape of the gorilla tribe an old ape respectable for his age, his white beard, but especially for his gold spectacles without glasses that he always was obliged to wear, on account of an inflammation of the eyes that had tormented him for many years.
Pinocchio related in the presence of the judge all the particulars of the infamous fraud of which he had been the victim.
He gave the names, the surnames, and other details, of the two rascals, and ended by demanding justice.
The judge listened with great benignity; took a lively interest in the story; and was much touched and moved; and when the puppet had nothing further to say he stretched out his hand and rang a bell.
At this summons two mastiffs immediately appeared dressed as gendarmes.
The judge then, pointing to Pinocchio said to them:
"That poor devil has been robbed of four gold pieces; take him up, and put him immediately into prison."
The puppet was petrified on hearing this unexpected sentence, and tried to protest; but the gendarmes, to avoid losing time, stopped his mouth, and carried him off to the lockup.
And there he remained for four months four long months and he would have remained longer still if a fortunate chance had not released him.
For I must tell you that the young Emperor who reigned over the town of "Trap for Blockheads," having won a splendid victory over his enemies, ordered great public rejoicings.
There were illuminations, fire-works, horse races, and velocipede races, and as a further sign of triumph he commanded that the prisons should be opened and all prisoners liberated.
"If the others are to be let out of prison, I will go also," said Pinocchio to the jailor.
"No, not you," said the jailor, "because you do not belong to the fortunate class."

“What more is there to tell you?” replied the Mermaid.
“Bellissima was sitting in the wood when you passed, and saw you with the Fairy of the Desert, who was so cleverly disguised that the Princess took her to be prettier than herself; you may imagine her despair, for she thought that you had fallen in love with her.”
“She believes that I love her!” cried the King.
“What a fatal mistake!
What is to be done to undeceive her?”
“You know best,” answered the Mermaid, smiling kindly at him.
“When people are as much in love with one another as you two are, they don’t need advice from anyone else.”
As she spoke they reached the Castle of Steel, the side next the sea being the only one which the Yellow Dwarf had left unprotected by the dreadful burning walls.
“I know quite well,” said the Mermaid, “that the Princess is sitting by the brook-side, just where you saw her as you passed, but as you will have many enemies to fight with before you can reach her, take this sword; armed with it you may dare any danger, and overcome the greatest difficulties, only beware of one thing that is, never to let it fall from your hand.
Farewell; now I will wait by that rock, and if you need my help in carrying off your beloved Princess I will not fail you, for the Queen, her mother, is my best friend, and it was for her sake that I went to rescue you.”
So saying, she gave to the King a sword made from a single diamond, which was more brilliant than the sun.
He could not find words to express his gratitude, but he begged her to believe that he fully appreciated the importance of her gift, and would never forget her help and kindness.
We must now go back to the Fairy of the Desert.
When she found that the King did not return, she hastened out to look for him, and reached the shore, with a hundred of the ladies of her train, loaded with splendid presents for him.
Some carried baskets full of diamonds, others golden cups of wonderful workmanship, and amber, coral, and pearls, others, again, balanced upon their heads bales of the richest and most beautiful stuffs, while the rest brought fruit and flowers, and even birds.
But what was the horror of the Fairy, who followed this gay troop, when she saw, stretched upon the sands, the image of the King which the Mermaid had made with the sea-weeds.

"None enter here without sheaves," said the Angel.
"I know that," said the child.
"But I thought I would like to see the place where the others were going; besides, they would not let me leave them."
Then all the other children cried out together.
One said, "Dear Angel, let him in!
In the morning I was sick, and this child came and played with me, and showed me the butterflies, and I forgot my pain.
Also, he gave me one of his sheaves, and I would give it to him again, but I cannot tell it now from my own."
[Page 22.]
Another said, "Dear Angel, let him in!
At noon the sun beat on my head so fiercely that I fainted and fell down like one dead; and this child came running by, and when he saw me he brought water to revive me, and then he showed me the butterflies, and was so glad and merry that my strength returned; to me also he gave one of his sheaves, and I would give it to him again, but it is so like my own that I cannot tell it."
And a third said, "Just now, as evening was coming, I was weary and sad, and had so few sheaves that it seemed hardly worth my while to go on working; but this child comforted me, and showed me the butterflies, and gave me of his sheaves.
Look!

She went off to get her ball, and was a long time finding it among the bushes, but she came back, looking cool and quiet, and waited her turn patiently.
It took several strokes to regain the place she had lost, and when she got there, the other side had nearly won, for Kate's ball was the last but one and lay near the stake.
"By George, it's all up with us!
Goodbye, Kate.
Miss Jo owes me one, so you are finished," cried Fred excitedly, as they all drew near to see the finish.
"Yankees have a trick of being generous to their enemies," said Jo, with a look that made the lad redden, "especially when they beat them,"
she added, as, leaving Kate's ball untouched, she won the game by a clever stroke.
Laurie threw up his hat, then remembered that it wouldn't do to exult over the defeat of his guests, and stopped in the middle of the cheer to whisper to his friend, "Good for you, Jo!
He did cheat, I saw him.
We can't tell him so, but he won't do it again, take my word for it."
Meg drew her aside, under pretense of pinning up a loose braid, and said approvingly, "It was dreadfully provoking, but you kept your temper, and I'm so glad, Jo."
"Don't praise me, Meg, for I could box his ears this minute.
I should certainly have boiled over if I hadn't stayed among the nettles till I got my rage under control enough to hold my tongue.

So Watanabe at once got ready to go he buckled on his long sword and put on a coat of armor, and tied on his large helmet.
When he was ready to start he said to the others:
"Give me something so that I can prove I have been there!"
Then one of the men got a roll of writing paper and his box of Indian ink and brushes, and the four comrades wrote their names on a piece of paper.
"I will take this," said Watanabe, "and put it on the Gate of Rashomon, so to-morrow morning will you all go and look at it?
I may be able to catch an ogre or two by then!"
and he mounted his horse and rode off gallantly.
It was a very dark night, and there was neither moon nor star to light Watanabe on his way.
To make the darkness worse a storm came on, the rain fell heavily and the wind howled like wolves in the mountains.
Any ordinary man would have trembled at the thought of going out of doors, but Watanabe was a brave warrior and dauntless, and his honor and word were at stake, so he sped on into the night, while his companions listened to the sound of his horse's hoofs dying away in the distance, then shut the sliding shutters close and gathered round the charcoal fire and wondered what would happen and whether their comrade would encounter one of those horrible Oni.
At last Watanabe reached the Gate of Rashomon, but peer as he might through the darkness he could see no sign of an ogre.
"It is just as I thought," said Watanabe to himself; "there are certainly no ogres here; it is only an old woman's story.
I will stick this paper on the gate so that the others can see I have been here when they come to-morrow, and then I will take my way home and laugh at them all."

It is an astounding thing to have to tell, but this man, though he knew about stocks and shares, had no real mastery of his tie.
Sometimes the thing yielded to him without a contest, but there were occasions when it would have been better for the house if he had swallowed his pride and used a made-up tie.
This was such an occasion.
He came rushing into the nursery with the crumpled little brute of a tie in his hand.
“Why, what is the matter, father dear?”
“Matter!” he yelled; he really yelled.
“This tie, it will not tie.” He became dangerously sarcastic.
“Not round my neck!
Round the bed-post!
Oh yes, twenty times have I made it up round the bed-post, but round my neck, no!
Oh dear no!
begs to be excused!”
He thought Mrs.
Darling was not sufficiently impressed, and he went on sternly, “I warn you of this, mother, that unless this tie is round my neck we don't go out to dinner to-night, and if I don't go out to dinner to-night, I never go to the office again, and if I don't go to the office again, you and I starve, and our children will be flung into the streets.”
Even then Mrs.

It is ridiculous.
Besides, he cannot possibly be on such intimate terms with Nastasia Philipovna as she gave us to understand; that’s the principal part of the mystery!
He has given me his word that he knows nothing whatever about the matter, and of course I believe him.
Well, the question is, my dear prince, do you know anything about it?
Has any sort of suspicion of the meaning of it come across you?”
“No, I know nothing whatever about it.
I assure you I had nothing at all to do with it.”
“Oh, prince, how strange you have become!
I assure you, I hardly know you for your old self.
How can you suppose that I ever suggested you could have had a finger in such a business?
But you are not quite yourself today, I can see.” He embraced the prince, and kissed him.
“What do you mean, though,” asked Muishkin, “‘by such a business’?
I don’t see any particular ‘business’ about it at all!”
“Oh, undoubtedly, this person wished somehow, and for some reason, to do Evgenie Pavlovitch a bad turn, by attributing to him before witnesses qualities which he neither has nor can have,” replied Prince S. drily enough.
Muiskhin looked disturbed, but continued to gaze intently and questioningly into Prince S.’s face.

Why, hillo!
Look here, now; this ain't lucky!
You've gone and cut this out of a Bible.
What fool's cut a Bible?”
“Ah, there!” said Morgan.
“There!
Wot did I say?
No good'll come o'
that, I said.”
“Well, you've about fixed it now, among you,” continued Silver.
“You'll all swing now, I reckon.
What soft-headed lubber had a Bible?”
“It was Dick,” said one.
“Dick, was it?
Then Dick can get to prayers,” said Silver.
“He's seen his slice of luck, has Dick, and you may lay to that.”
But here the long man with the yellow eyes struck in.

"You have still the right to command them once more."
"Very well," she answered, and putting on the Golden Cap she uttered the magic words.
The Monkeys were as prompt as ever, and in a few moments the entire band stood before her.
"What are your commands?"
inquired the King of the Monkeys, bowing low.
"Carry us over the hill to the country of the Quadlings," answered the girl.
"It shall be done," said the King, and at once the Winged Monkeys caught the four travelers and Toto up in their arms and flew away with them.
As they passed over the hill the Hammer-Heads yelled with vexation, and shot their heads high in the air, but they could not reach the Winged Monkeys, which carried Dorothy and her comrades safely over the hill and set them down in the beautiful country of the Quadlings.
"This is the last time you can summon us," said the leader to Dorothy; "so good-bye and good luck to you."
"Good-bye, and thank you very much," returned the girl; and the Monkeys rose into the air and were out of sight in a twinkling.
The country of the Quadlings seemed rich and happy.
There was field upon field of ripening grain, with well-paved roads running between, and pretty rippling brooks with strong bridges across them.

“She does understand.
Don’t be annoyed with her.
I have warned her not to meddle in other people’s affairs.
However, although there’s comparative peace at home at present, the storm will break if anything is finally settled tonight.”
The prince heard the whole of the foregoing conversation, as he sat at the table, writing.
He finished at last, and brought the result of his labour to the general’s desk.
“So this is Nastasia Philipovna,” he said, looking attentively and curiously at the portrait.
“How wonderfully beautiful!” he immediately added, with warmth.
The picture was certainly that of an unusually lovely woman.
She was photographed in a black silk dress of simple design, her hair was evidently dark and plainly arranged, her eyes were deep and thoughtful, the expression of her face passionate, but proud.
She was rather thin, perhaps, and a little pale.
Both Gania and the general gazed at the prince in amazement.
“How do you know it’s Nastasia Philipovna?” asked the general; “you surely don’t know her already, do you?”
“Yes, I do!

"Let us open and see what is in it," they said.
And when they had opened it and looked, they found gold and silver and jewels and rolls of silk.
They never expected anything like this.
The more they took out the more they found inside.
The supply was inexhaustible, so that the house at once became rich and prosperous.
When the cross old woman who had cut the Sparrow's tongue saw this, she was filled with envy, and went and asked her neighbor where the Sparrow lived and all about the way.
"I will go, too," she said, and at once set out on her search.
Again the Sparrow brought out two wicker baskets, and asked as before, "Will you take the heavy one, or shall I give you the light one?"
Thinking the treasure would be great in proportion to the weight of the basket, the old woman replied, "Let me have the heavy one."
Receiving this, she started home with it on her back, the sparrows laughing at her as she went.
It was as heavy as a stone, and hard to carry, but at last she got back with it to her house.
Then, when she took off the lid and looked in, a whole troop of frightful creatures came bouncing out from the inside, and at once they caught her up and flew away with her.

In their opinion, the latter’s destiny was not merely to be very happy; she was to live in a heaven on earth.
Aglaya’s husband was to be a compendium of all the virtues, and of all success, not to speak of fabulous wealth.
The two elder sisters had agreed that all was to be sacrificed by them, if need be, for Aglaya’s sake; her dowry was to be colossal and unprecedented.
The general and his wife were aware of this agreement, and, therefore, when Totski suggested himself for one of the sisters, the parents made no doubt that one of the two elder girls would probably accept the offer, since Totski would certainly make no difficulty as to dowry.
The general valued the proposal very highly.
He knew life, and realized what such an offer was worth.
The answer of the sisters to the communication was, if not conclusive, at least consoling and hopeful.
It made known that the eldest, Alexandra, would very likely be disposed to listen to a proposal.
Alexandra was a good-natured girl, though she had a will of her own.
She was intelligent and kind-hearted, and, if she were to marry Totski, she would make him a good wife.
She did not care for a brilliant marriage; she was eminently a woman calculated to soothe and sweeten the life of any man; decidedly pretty, if not absolutely handsome.
What better could Totski wish?

You're my son more to me nor any son.
I've put away money, only for you to spend.
You ain't looked slowly forward to this as I have.
You wasn't prepared for this as I wos.
It warn't easy, Pip, for me to leave them parts, nor it wasn't safe.
Look 'ee here, dear boy; caution is necessary."
"How do you mean?"
I said.
"Caution?"
"I was sent for life.
It's death to come back.
There's been overmuch coming back of late years, and I should of a certainty be hanged if took."

The youth thought he would like to play too, and said: “Look here; do you mind my joining the game?” “No, not if you have money.” “I’ve money enough,” he replied, “but your balls aren’t round enough.” Then he took the skulls, placed them on his lathe, and turned them till they were round.
“Now they’ll roll along better,” said he, “and houp-la!
now the fun begins.” He played with them and lost some of his money, but when twelve struck everything vanished before his eyes.
He lay down and slept peacefully.
The next morning the King came, anxious for news.
“How have you got on this time?” he asked.
“I played ninepins,” he answered, “and lost a few pence.” “Didn’t you shudder then?” “No such luck,” said he; “I made myself merry.
Oh!
if I only knew what it was to shudder!”
On the third night he sat down again on his bench, and said, in the most desponding way: “If I could only shudder!” When it got late, six big men came in carrying a coffin.
Then he cried: “Ha!
ha!
that’s most likely my little cousin who only died a few days ago”; and beckoning with his finger he called out: “Come, my small cousin, come.” They placed the coffin on the ground, and he approached it and took off the cover.

But when she went to bed she was almost afraid to look under the pillow, knowing that she had done wrong.
At last she slowly drew out the box, and slowly opened it, expecting something to fly at her.
All she saw was a tiny black bag, that began at once to grow larger, till it was big enough to hold her two hands.
Then it tied itself tight round her wrists, as if to keep these meddlesome hands out of mischief.
"Well, this is very queer, but not so dreadful as the wasp.
I hope no one will see it when I'm asleep.
I do wish I'd let those cakes and things alone," sighed May, looking at the black bag, and vainly trying to get her hands free.
She cried herself to sleep, and when she woke the bag was gone.
No one had seen it; but she told her mamma about the cake, and promised not to do so any more.
"Now this shall be a truly good day, every bit of it," she said, as she skipped away, feeling as light as a feather after she had confessed her little sins.
But, alas!
it is so easy to forget and do wrong, that May spoilt her day before dinner by going to the river and playing with the boats, in spite of many orders not to do it.

They entered the study.
In this room some changes had taken place since the prince last saw it.
It was now divided into two equal parts by a heavy green silk curtain stretched across it, separating the alcove beyond, where stood Rogojin’s bed, from the rest of the room.
The heavy curtain was drawn now, and it was very dark.
The bright Petersburg summer nights were already beginning to close in, and but for the full moon, it would have been difficult to distinguish anything in Rogojin’s dismal room, with the drawn blinds.
They could just see one anothers faces, however, though not in detail.
Rogojin’s face was white, as usual.
His glittering eyes watched the prince with an intent stare.
“Had you not better light a candle?” said Muishkin.
“No, I needn’t,” replied Rogojin, and taking the other by the hand he drew him down to a chair.
He himself took a chair opposite and drew it up so close that he almost pressed against the prince’s knees.
At their side was a little round table.

Do it to-night, Reggie.
I'll give you a sharp knife.
You simply cut the canvas out of the frame, and it's done."
"But one moment," I said.
"I'd be delighted to be of any use to you, but in a purely family affair like this, wouldn't it be better in fact, how about tackling old Bill on the subject?"
"I have asked Bill already.
Yesterday.
He refused."
"But if I'm caught?"
"You can't be.
All you have to do is to take the picture, open one of the windows, leave it open, and go back to your room."
It sounded simple enough.

When I am King, I will return and fetch thee.” So he rode away, and when he reached his father, the latter was dangerously ill, and near his death.
He said to him, “Dear son, I wished to see thee once again before my end, promise me to marry as I wish,” and he named a certain King’s daughter who was to be his wife.
The son was in such trouble that he did not think what he was doing, and said, “Yes, dear father, your will shall be done,”
and thereupon the King shut his eyes, and died.
When therefore the son had been proclaimed King, and the time of mourning was over, he was forced to keep the promise which he had given his father, and caused the King’s daughter to be asked in marriage, and she was promised to him.
His first betrothed heard of this, and fretted so much about his faithlessness that she nearly died.
Then her father said to her, “Dearest child, why art thou so sad?
Thou shalt have whatsoever thou wilt.” She thought for a moment and said, “Dear father, I wish for eleven girls exactly like myself in face, figure, and size.”
The father said, “If it be possible, thy desire shall be fulfilled,”
and he caused a search to be made in his whole kingdom, until eleven young maidens were found who exactly resembled his daughter in face, figure, and size.
When they came to the King’s daughter, she had twelve suits of huntsmen’s clothes made, all alike, and the eleven maidens had to put on the huntsmen’s clothes, and she herself put on the twelfth suit.
Thereupon she took leave of her father, and rode away with them, and rode to the court of her former betrothed, whom she loved so dearly.
Then she inquired if he required any huntsmen, and if he would take the whole of them into his service.
The King looked at her and did not know her, but as they were such handsome fellows, he said, “Yes,” and that he would willingly take them, and now they were the King’s twelve huntsmen.
The King, however, had a lion which was a wondrous animal, for he knew all concealed and secret things.

On hearing the groom's story the four Queens cried, and tore their hair and clothes, and refused to eat.
When the King returned at evening and asked them why they were so miserable, they said, "Your horse Katar came and tore our clothes, and upset all our things, and we ran away for fear he should kill us."
"Never mind," said the King.
"Only eat your dinner and be happy.
I will have Katar shot to-morrow."
Then he thought that two men unaided could not kill such a wicked horse, so he ordered his servants to bid his troop of sepoys shoot him.
So the next day the King placed his sepoys all round the stable, and he took up his stand with them; and he said he would himself shoot any one who let his horse escape.
Meanwhile the horse had overheard all these orders.
So he brought up the child and said to him, "Go into that little room that leads out of the stable, and you will find in it a saddle and bridle which you must put on me.
Then you will find in the room some beautiful clothes such as princes wear; these you must put on yourself; and you must take the sword and gun you will find there too.
Then you must mount on my back."
Now Katar was a fairy-horse, and came from the fairies'
country, so he could get anything he wanted; but neither the King nor any of his people knew this.

"But you will answer them all?"
cried the child.
"Yes, I will answer them all, if you give me time."
"'Cause I have to know, you know!"
said the child, with a sigh of relief.
"Yes, you have to know.
But first I must ask you some questions, Snow-white.
Come and sit down here on the roots of the birch; see, it makes an arm-chair just big enough for you."
The child came slowly, and seated herself as she was bid.
But, though the seat was easy as a cradle, her brow was clouded.
"I don't like to answer things," she announced.
"Only I like to ask them."

Nut and Shell whisked up trees with pieces of cake and Soot took the entire half of a buttered crumpet into a corner and pecked at and examined and turned it over and made hoarse remarks about it until he decided to swallow it all joyfully in one gulp.
The afternoon was dragging towards its mellow hour.
The sun was deepening the gold of its lances, the bees were going home and the birds were flying past less often.
Dickon and Mary were sitting on the grass, the tea-basket was repacked ready to be taken back to the house, and Colin was lying against his cushions with his heavy locks pushed back from his forehead and his face looking quite a natural color.
“I don’t want this afternoon to go,” he said; “but I shall come back tomorrow, and the day after, and the day after, and the day after.”
“You’ll get plenty of fresh air, won’t you?” said Mary.
“I’m going to get nothing else,” he answered.
“I’ve seen the spring now and I’m going to see the summer.
I’m going to see everything grow here.
I’m going to grow here myself.”
“That tha’ will,” said Dickon.
“Us’ll have thee walkin’ about here an’
diggin’ same as other folk afore long.”
Colin flushed tremendously.
“Walk!” he said.
“Dig!

He only knew that the men were invading the silence and privacy of the attic; and as the one with the dark face let himself down through the aperture with such lightness and dexterity that he did not make the slightest sound, Melchisedec turned tail and fled precipitately back to his hole.
He was frightened to death.
He had ceased to be timid with Sara, and knew she would never throw anything but crumbs, and would never make any sound other than the soft, low, coaxing whistling; but strange men were dangerous things to remain near.
He lay close and flat near the entrance of his home, just managing to peep through the crack with a bright, alarmed eye.
How much he understood of the talk he heard I am not in the least able to say; but, even if he had understood it all, he would probably have remained greatly mystified.
The secretary, who was light and young, slipped through the skylight as noiselessly as Ram Dass had done; and he caught a last glimpse of Melchisedec's vanishing tail.
"Was that a rat?"
he asked Ram Dass in a whisper.
"Yes; a rat, Sahib," answered Ram Dass, also whispering.
"There are many in the walls."
"Ugh!"
exclaimed the young man.

Johnny went straightway to the wood, where he met the little gray man with whom he had once shared his food.
"Good day," he said, nodding his wise little head.
"So you've come to visit me again, eh?
It was I, you know, who drank the wine and ate the bread for you, and now I will finish by giving you the wonderful ship which is to sail on either land or sea.
All this I do for you because you were kind and good to me."
Then he gave him the ship, and when the King saw it he could find no further excuse.
So he gave the young man his daughter, and the pair were married that very day.
When the old King died, the Simpleton became King in his stead, and he and his wife lived happily ever after.
TITTY MOUSE AND TATTY MOUSE 
  Titty Mouse and Tatty Mouse both lived in a house,     Titty Mouse went a-leasing and Tatty Mouse went a-leasing,     So they both went a-leasing.
Titty Mouse leased an ear of corn, and Tatty Mouse leased an ear of corn,     So they both leased an ear of corn.
Titty Mouse made a pudding, and Tatty Mouse made a pudding,     So they both made a pudding.
And Tatty Mouse put her pudding into the pot to boil,     But, when Titty went to put hers in, the pot tumbled over, and     scalded her to death.

A proper scissors-grinder is the sort of man who, whenever he puts his hand in his pocket, finds money there.
But where have you bought that fine goose?"
"I did not buy it, but exchanged it for my pig."
"And the pig?"
"I obtained him for a cow."
"And the cow?"
"I had her for a horse."
"And the horse?"
"For him I gave a lump of gold as big as my head."
"And the gold?"
"Why, that was my reward for seven years of service."
"You have certainly done well for yourself each time," said the scissors-grinder.

Smith shook his head.
"My name is Smith."
"Where is Mr.
Maloney?"
Smith looked across at Betty, who had seated herself in her place by the typewriter.
"Where did you tell me Mr. Maloney had gone to, Miss Brown?
Ah, well, never mind.
Is there anything I can do for you, gentlemen?
I am on the editorial staff of this paper."
"Then, maybe," said a small, round gentleman who, so far, had done only chorus work, "you can tell me what all this means?
My name is Waterman, sir.
I am here on behalf of my wife, whose name you doubtless know."

cried the Scarecrow.
"I'll find a way to use them, never fear!"
"But how about my courage?"
asked the Lion anxiously.
"You have plenty of courage, I am sure," answered Oz.
"All you need is confidence in yourself.
There is no living thing that is not afraid when it faces danger.
The True courage is in facing danger when you are afraid, and that kind of courage you have in plenty."
"Perhaps I have, but I'm scared just the same," said the Lion.
"I shall really be very unhappy unless you give me the sort of courage that makes one forget he is afraid."
"Very well, I will give you that sort of courage tomorrow," replied Oz.
"How about my heart?"

As for them, they've tramped; I don't know where's they are.”
He drew again quietly at his pipe.
“And lest you should take it into that head of yours,” he went on, “that you was included in the treaty, here's the last word that was said: 'How many are you,' says I, 'to leave?'
'Four,' says he; 'four, and one of us wounded.
As for that boy, I don't know where he is, confound him,' says he, 'nor I don't much care.
We're about sick of him.'
These was his words.
“Is that all?” I asked.
“Well, it's all that you're to hear, my son,” returned Silver.
“And now I am to choose?”
“And now you are to choose, and you may lay to that,” said Silver.
“Well,” said I, “I am not such a fool but I know pretty well what I have to look for.
Let the worst come to the worst, it's little I care.
I've seen too many die since I fell in with you.

So the girl went up to him with her hand before her with the ring on it; and she put it down before him on the table.
Then at last the Baron saw that no one could fight against Fate, and he handed her to a seat and announced to all the company that this was his son's true wife; and he took her and his son home to his castle; and they all lived as happy as could be ever afterwards.
THE MAGPIE'S NEST 
  Once upon a time when pigs spoke rhyme   And monkeys chewed tobacco,   And hens took snuff to make them tough,   And ducks went quack, quack, quack, O!
All the birds of the air came to the magpie and asked her to teach them how to build nests.
For the magpie is the cleverest bird of all at building nests.
So she put all the birds round her and began to show them how to do it.
First of all she took some mud and made a sort of round cake with it.
“Oh, that's how it's done,” said the thrush; and away it flew, and so that's how thrushes build their nests.
Then the magpie took some twigs and arranged them round in the mud.
“Now I know all about it,” says the blackbird, and off he flew; and that's how the blackbirds make their nests to this very day.
Then the magpie put another layer of mud over the twigs.
“Oh that's quite obvious,” said the wise owl, and away it flew; and owls have never made better nests since.

Have no care for thyself, thou shalt find a roof to shelter thee, and the wages which I will give thee shall also content thee.” “But tell me what is about to happen,” the maiden continued to entreat.
“I tell thee again, do not hinder me in my work.
Do not say a word more, go to thy chamber, take the skin off thy face, and put on the silken gown which thou hadst on when thou camest to me, and then wait in thy chamber until I call thee.”
But I must once more tell of the King and Queen, who had journeyed forth with the count in order to seek out the old woman in the wilderness.
The count had strayed away from them in the wood by night, and had to walk onwards alone.
Next day it seemed to him that he was on the right track.
He still went forward, until darkness came on, then he climbed a tree, intending to pass the night there, for he feared that he might lose his way.
When the moon illumined the surrounding country he perceived a figure coming down the mountain.
She had no stick in her hand, but yet he could see that it was the goose-girl, whom he had seen before in the house of the old woman.
“Oho,” cried he, “there she comes, and if I once get hold of one of the witches, the other shall not escape me!” But how astonished he was, when she went to the well, took off the skin and washed herself, when her golden hair fell down all about her, and she was more beautiful than any one whom he had ever seen in the whole world.
He hardly dared to breathe, but stretched his head as far forward through the leaves as he dared, and stared at her.
Either he bent over too far, or whatever the cause might be, the bough suddenly cracked, and that very moment the maiden slipped into the skin, sprang away like a roe, and as the moon was suddenly covered, disappeared from his eyes.
Hardly had she disappeared, before the count descended from the tree, and hastened after her with nimble steps.

And poor Johnny was so perplexed he could only stammer, with a laugh, 
"I guess not.
Boys don't care for looks."
"Peep, and let me see.
I like pretty persons," commanded the voice.
"Don't she order round?"
thought Johnny, as he obeyed.
But he liked it, and showed such a smiling face at the peep-hole, that Princess Fay was pleased to say, after a long look at him, 
"No, you are not beautiful; but your eyes are bright, and you look pleasant, so I don't mind the freckles on your nose and the whiteness of your face.
I think you are good.
I am sorry for you, and I shall lend you a book to read when the pain comes."
"I couldn't wait for that if I had a book.
I do love so to read!"
And Johnny laughed out from sheer delight at the thought of a new book; for he seldom got one, being too poor to buy them, and too helpless to enjoy the free libraries of the city.

I remarked upon the fact to Aglaya Ivanovna when he had gone.
I don’t think anything ever surprises you, prince!” added Hippolyte, gazing incredulously at the prince’s calm demeanour.
“To be astonished by nothing is a sign, they say, of a great intellect.
In my opinion it would serve equally well as a sign of great foolishness.
I am not hinting about you; pardon me!
I am very unfortunate today in my expressions.”
“I knew yesterday that Gavrila Ardalionovitch ” began the prince, and paused in evident confusion, though Hippolyte had shown annoyance at his betraying no surprise.
“You knew it?
Come, that’s news!
But no perhaps better not tell me.
And were you a witness of the meeting?”
“If you were there yourself you must have known that I was not there!”
“Oh!
but you may have been sitting behind the bushes somewhere.
However, I am very glad, on your account, of course.

A large gilt frame surrounded it, and on one corner of the frame a laurel wreath had been hung.
But a black band, twined unseen among the green leaves, and a streamer of crape hung down from it; for within the last few days the young artist had died.
THE FLYING TRUNK 
THERE was once a merchant who was so rich that he could have paved a whole street with gold, and would even then have had enough left for a small alley.
He did not do so; he knew the value of money better than to use it in this way.
So clever was he that every shilling he put out brought him a crown, and so it continued as long as he lived.
His son inherited his wealth, and lived a merry life with it.
He went to a masquerade every night, made kites out of five-pound notes, and threw pieces of gold into the sea instead of stones, making ducks and drakes of them.
In this manner he soon lost all his money.
At last he had nothing left but a pair of slippers, an old dressing gown, and four shillings.
And now all his companions deserted him.
They would not walk with him in the streets, but one of them, who was very good-natured, sent him an old trunk with this message, "Pack up!"
"Yes," he said, "it is all very well to say 'pack up.'"

And I, meanwhile, who had before been losing caste among my friends, as holding myself aloof from the associations of the body, began to rise in everybody's favor.
"Ingham's a good fellow always on hand"; "never talks much but does the right thing at the right time"; "is not as unpunctual as he used to be he comes early, and sits through to the end."
"He has got over his old talkative habit, too.
I spoke to a friend of his about it once; and I think Ingham took it kindly," etc., etc.
This voting power of Dennis was particularly valuable at the quarterly meetings of the Proprietors of the Naguadavick Ferry.
My wife inherited from her father some shares in that enterprise, which is not yet fully developed, though it doubtless will become a very valuable property.
The law of Maine then forbade stockholders to appear by proxy at such meetings.
Polly disliked to go, not being, in fact, a "hens'-rights hen," and transferred her stock to me.
I, after going once, disliked it more than she.
But Dennis went to the next meeting, and liked it very much.
He said the armchairs were good, the collation good, and the free rides to stockholders pleasant.
He was a little frightened when they first took him upon one of the ferry-boats, but after two or three quarterly meetings he became quite brave.

Dost thou imagine thou art to idle away the whole day?”
The poor girl sat down to the work, but tears ran down her cheeks as she did so, for she saw plainly enough that it was quite impossible to finish the work in one day.
Whenever she had a little heap of feathers lying before her, and she sighed or smote her hands together in her anguish, they flew away, and she had to pick them out again, and begin her work anew.
Then she put her elbows on the table, laid her face in her two hands, and cried, “Is there no one, then, on God’s earth to have pity on me?” Then she heard a low voice which said, “Be comforted, my child, I have come to help thee.” The maiden looked up, and an old woman was by her side.
She took the girl kindly by the hand, and said, “Only tell me what is troubling thee.” As she spoke so kindly, the girl told her of her miserable life, and how one burden after another was laid upon her, and she never could get to the end of the work which was given to her.
“If I have not done these feathers by this evening, my step-mother will beat me; she has threatened she will, and I know she keeps her word.” Her tears began to flow again, but the good old woman said, “Do not be afraid, my child; rest a while, and in the meantime I will look to thy work.” The girl lay down on her bed, and soon fell asleep.
The old woman seated herself at the table with the feathers, and how they did fly off the quills, which she scarcely touched with her withered hands!
The twelve pounds were soon finished, and when the girl awoke, great snow-white heaps were lying, piled up, and everything in the room was neatly cleared away, but the old woman had vanished.
The maiden thanked God, and sat still till evening came, when the step-mother came in and marvelled to see the work completed.
“Just look, you awkward creature,” said she, “what can be done when people are industrious; and why couldst thou not set about something else?
There thou sittest with thy hands crossed.” When she went out she said, “The creature is worth more than her salt.
I must give her some work that is still harder.”
Next morning she called the girl, and said, “There is a spoon for thee; with that thou must empty out for me the great pond which is beside the garden, and if it is not done by night, thou knowest what will happen.”
The girl took the spoon, and saw that it was full of holes; but even if it had not been, she never could have emptied the pond with it.
She set to work at once, knelt down by the water, into which her tears were falling, and began to empty it.

He had been swinging on a tree-top then and she had been standing in the orchard.
Now she was on the other side of the orchard and standing in the path outside a wall—much lower down—and there was the same tree inside.
“It’s in the garden no one can go into,” she said to herself.
“It’s the garden without a door.
He lives in there.
How I wish I could see what it is like!”
She ran up the walk to the green door she had entered the first morning.
Then she ran down the path through the other door and then into the orchard, and when she stood and looked up there was the tree on the other side of the wall, and there was the robin just finishing his song and beginning to preen his feathers with his beak.
“It is the garden,” she said.
“I am sure it is.”
She walked round and looked closely at that side of the orchard wall, but she only found what she had found before—that there was no door in it.
Then she ran through the kitchen-gardens again and out into the walk outside the long ivy-covered wall, and she walked to the end of it and looked at it, but there was no door; and then she walked to the other end, looking again, but there was no door.
“It’s very queer,” she said.
“Ben Weatherstaff said there was no door and there is no door.

"And will be, come what may," said Edith.
VI.
Lord Monmouth's Money 
In the midst of Christmas-revels at the country house of Mr. Eustace Lyle, surrounded by the duke and duchess and their children the Sydneys Coningsby was called away by a messenger, who brought news of the sudden death of Lord Monmouth.
The marquess had died at supper at his Richmond villa, with no persons near him but those who were very amusing.
The body had been removed to Monmouth House; and after the funeral, in the principal saloon of Monmouth House, the will was eventually read.
The date of the will was 1829; and by this document the sum of £10,000 was left to Coningsby, who at that time was unknown to his grandfather.
But there were many codicils.
In 1832, the £10,000 was increased to £50,000.
In 1836, after Coningsby's visit to the castle, £50,000 was left to the Princess Lucretia, and Coningsby was left sole residuary legatee.
After the marriage, an estate of £9,000 a year was left to Coningsby, £20,000 to Mr. Rigby, and the whole of the residue went to issue by Lady Monmouth.
In the event of there being no issue, the whole of the estate was to be divided equally between Lady Monmouth and Coningsby.
In 1839, Mr. Rigby was reduced to £10,000, Lady Monmouth was to receive £3,000 per annum, and the rest, without reserve, went absolutely to Coningsby.

"But we can play just as well now, can't we, Mark?"
"Just as well, Snow-white."
"And I am not so horribly big, Mark, am I?"
"Not yet, Snow-white.
Not yet, my big little girl."
"But you will love me just the same if I do get horribly big, Mark?"
"Just the same, Snow-white!
a little more every year, to allow for growth."
"Because I can't help it, you know, Mark."
"Surely not, my dear.
Surely Mark would not have you help it."
"But always I shall be the right size for you, Mark, and always you will be my own dwarf?"

And that other man is do you know who?
It’s you.
There you didn’t know that, eh?”
“I?”
“You, you!
She has loved you ever since that day, her birthday!
Only she thinks she cannot marry you, because it would be the ruin of you.
‘Everybody knows what sort of a woman I am,’ she says.
She told me all this herself, to my very face!
She’s afraid of disgracing and ruining you, she says, but it doesn’t matter about me.
She can marry me all right!
Notice how much consideration she shows for me!”
“But why did she run away to me, and then again from me to ”
“From you to me?
Ha, ha!
that’s nothing!

My father looked around and saw the lion glaring at him.
The lion charged and skidded to a stop a few inches away.
"Who are you?"
the lion yelled at my father.
"My name is Elmer Elevator."
"Where do you think you're going?"
"I'm going home," said my father.
"That's what you think!"
said the lion.
"Ordinarily I'd save you for afternoon tea, but I happen to be upset enough and hungry enough to eat you right now."
And he picked up my father in his front paws to feel how fat he was.
My father said, "Oh, please, Lion, before you eat me, tell me why you are so particularly upset today."

His beard was as black as ink, and so long that it reached from his chin to the ground.
I need only say that he trod upon it when he walked.
His mouth was as big as an oven, and his eyes were like two lanterns of red glass with lights burning inside of them.
He carried a whip made of snakes and foxes' tails twisted together, which he cracked constantly.
At his unexpected appearance there was a profound silence: no one dared to breathe.
A fly might have been heard in the stillness.
The poor puppets of both sexes trembled like so many leaves.
"Why have you come to raise a disturbance in my theater?"
asked the showman of Pinocchio in the gruff voice of a hob-goblin suffering from a severe cold in the head.
"Believe me, honored sir, that it was not my fault!"
"That is enough!
To-night we will settle our accounts."

George sat in the shade on the foredeck talking to Stella most of the time.
When the gong went and the rest had started to go below, he drew me back.
He was beaming.
"It's all right," he said.
"What did I tell you?"
"What did you tell me?"
"Why, about Stella.
Didn't I say that Alfred would fix things for George?
I told her she looked worried, and got her to tell me what the trouble was.
And then  "
"You must have shown a flash of speed if you got her to confide in you after knowing you for about two hours."
"Perhaps I did," said George modestly, "I had no notion, till I became him, what a persuasive sort of chap my brother Alfred was.
Anyway, she told me all about it, and I started in to show her that George was a pretty good sort of fellow on the whole, who oughtn't to be turned down for what was evidently merely temporary insanity.

I therefore write the words, and blush for your simple character.
“P.P.S.
It is the same green bench that I showed you before.
There!
aren’t you ashamed of yourself?
I felt that it was necessary to repeat even that information.”
The note was written and folded anyhow, evidently in a great hurry, and probably just before Aglaya had come down to the verandah.
In inexpressible agitation, amounting almost to fear, the prince slipped quickly away from the window, away from the light, like a frightened thief, but as he did so he collided violently with some gentleman who seemed to spring from the earth at his feet.
“I was watching for you, prince,” said the individual.
“Is that you, Keller?” said the prince, in surprise.
“Yes, I’ve been looking for you.
I waited for you at the Epanchins’
house, but of course I could not come in.
I dogged you from behind as you walked along with the general.

Outside the room, the Little Man grew more and more impatient, and finally gave the door such a violent kick that it flew open.
With his usual sweet smile on his lips, he looked at Pinocchio and Lamp-Wick and said to them:
“Fine work, boys!
You have brayed well, so well that I recognized your voices immediately, and here I am.”
On hearing this, the two Donkeys bowed their heads in shame, dropped their ears, and put their tails between their legs.
At first, the Little Man petted and caressed them and smoothed down their hairy coats.
Then he took out a currycomb and worked over them till they shone like glass.
Satisfied with the looks of the two little animals, he bridled them and took them to a market place far away from the Land of Toys, in the hope of selling them at a good price.
In fact, he did not have to wait very long for an offer.
Lamp-Wick was bought by a farmer whose donkey had died the day before.
Pinocchio went to the owner of a circus, who wanted to teach him to do tricks for his audiences.
And now do you understand what the Little Man’s profession was?
This horrid little being, whose face shone with kindness, went about the world looking for boys.
Lazy boys, boys who hated books, boys who wanted to run away from home, boys who were tired of school all these were his joy and his fortune.

“Remember?
No, I don't remember.
It was so very long ago.”
That he had no recollection whatever of his having been brought from his prison to that house, was apparent to them.
They heard him mutter, “One Hundred and Five, North Tower;” and when he looked about him, it evidently was for the strong fortress-walls which had long encompassed him.
On their reaching the courtyard he instinctively altered his tread, as being in expectation of a drawbridge; and when there was no drawbridge, and he saw the carriage waiting in the open street, he dropped his daughter's hand and clasped his head again.
No crowd was about the door; no people were discernible at any of the many windows; not even a chance passerby was in the street.
An unnatural silence and desertion reigned there.
Only one soul was to be seen, and that was Madame Defarge who leaned against the door-post, knitting, and saw nothing.
The prisoner had got into a coach, and his daughter had followed him, when Mr. Lorry's feet were arrested on the step by his asking, miserably, for his shoemaking tools and the unfinished shoes.
Madame Defarge immediately called to her husband that she would get them, and went, knitting, out of the lamplight, through the courtyard.
She quickly brought them down and handed them in; and immediately afterwards leaned against the door-post, knitting, and saw nothing.
Defarge got upon the box, and gave the word “To the Barrier!” The postilion cracked his whip, and they clattered away under the feeble over-swinging lamps.

Unfortunately he was not a bit industrious, but very lazy, and so was his wife.
Neither of them made any attempt to teach their boys and girls to earn their own living; and if the other poor people in the village had not helped them, they would have starved.
Hari-Sarman used to send his children out in different directions to beg or steal, whilst he and Vidya stayed at home doing nothing.
One day he said to his wife: "Let us leave this stupid place, and go to some big city where we can pick up a living of some kind.
I will pretend to be a wise man, able to find out secrets; and you can say that you know all about children, having had so many of your own."
Vidya gladly agreed to this, and the whole party set out, carrying the few possessions they had with them.
In course of time they came to a big town, and Hari-Sarman went boldly to the chief house in it, leaving his wife and children outside.
He asked to see the master, and was taken into his presence.
This master was a very rich merchant, owning large estates in the country; but he cannot have been very clever, for he was at once quite taken in by the story Hari-Sarman told him.
He said that he would find work for him and his wife, and that the children could be sent to a farm he had, in the country, where they could be made very useful.
Overjoyed at this, Hari-Sarman hastened out to tell his wife the good news; and the two were at once received into the grand residence, in which a small room was given to them for their own, whilst the children were taken away to the farm, fall of eager delight at the change from the wretched life they had been leading.
1.

Enraged at this idea, he started up, crossed the dark passage (which filled him with horrible impressions and gloomy forebodings), and set out once more for Rogojin’s.
Rogojin had not returned, and no one came to the door.
He rang at the old lady’s door opposite, and was informed that Parfen Semionovitch would not return for three days.
The curiosity with which the old servant stared at him again impressed the prince disagreeably.
He could not find the porter this time at all.
As before, he crossed the street and watched the windows from the other side, walking up and down in anguish of soul for half an hour or so in the stifling heat.
Nothing stirred; the blinds were motionless; indeed, the prince began to think that the apparition of Rogojin’s face could have been nothing but fancy.
Soothed by this thought, he drove off once more to his friends at the Ismailofsky barracks.
He was expected there.
The mother had already been to three or four places to look for Nastasia, but had not found a trace of any kind.
The prince said nothing, but entered the room, sat down silently, and stared at them, one after the other, with the air of a man who cannot understand what is being said to him.
It was strange one moment he seemed to be so observant, the next so absent; his behaviour struck all the family as most remarkable.

Then she went to them, and told them, and they consented to let her and her husband leave them.
The King gave his daughter and the young prince a great many horses, and elephants, and all sorts of presents, and also a great many sepoys to guard them.
In this grand state they travelled to the prince's country, which was not a great many miles off.
When they reached it they pitched their tents on the same plain in which the prince had been left in his box by the nurse, where Shankar and Suri had swallowed him so often.
When the King, his father, the gardener's daughter's husband, saw the prince's camp, he was very much alarmed, and thought a great King had come to make war on him.
He sent one of his servants, therefore, to ask whose camp it was.
The young prince then wrote him a letter, in which he said, "You are a great King.
Do not fear me.
I am not come to make war on you.
I am as if I were your son.
I am a prince who has come to see your country and to speak with you.
I wish to give you a grand feast, to which every one in your country must come men and women, old and young, rich and poor, of all castes; all the children, fakirs, and sepoys.

“After all, he is a near relative of ours,” said she, “he has a good understanding, and much talent; he can instruct my little son, and help him forward in the world.” The fox, too, appeared quite honest, and said, “Worthy Mrs.
Gossip, I thank you for the honour which you are doing me; I will, however, conduct myself in such a way that you shall be repaid for it.” He enjoyed himself at the feast, and made merry; afterwards he said, “Dear Mrs.
Gossip, it is our duty to take care of the child, it must have good food that it may be strong.
I know a sheep-fold from which we might fetch a nice morsel.” The wolf was pleased with the ditty, and she went out with the fox to the farm-yard.
He pointed out the fold from afar, and said, “You will be able to creep in there without being seen, and in the meantime I will look about on the other side to see if I can pick up a chicken.” He, however, did not go there, but sat down at the entrance to the forest, stretched his legs and rested.
The she-wolf crept into the stable.
A dog was lying there, and it made such a noise that the peasants came running out, caught Gossip Wolf, and poured a strong burning mixture, which had been prepared for washing, over her skin.
At last she escaped, and dragged herself outside.
There lay the fox, who pretended to be full of complaints, and said, “Ah, dear Mistress Gossip, how ill I have fared, the peasants have fallen on me, and have broken every limb I have; if you do not want me to lie where I am and perish, you must carry me away.” The she-wolf herself was only able to go away slowly, but she was in such concern about the fox that she took him on her back, and slowly carried him perfectly safe and sound to her house.
Then the fox cried to her, “Farewell, dear Mistress Gossip, may the roasting you have had do you good,” laughed heartily at her, and bounded off.
75 The Fox and the Cat 
It happened that the cat met the fox in a forest, and as she thought to herself, “He is clever and full of experience, and much esteemed in the world,” she spoke to him in a friendly way.
“Good-day, dear Mr. Fox, how are you?

"He's too old."
"My child, what do you mean?
What is his age, I beg to know!"
cried Miss Clara.
"Nearly seventy, I believe," answered Meg, counting stitches to hide the merriment in her eyes.
"You sly creature!
Of course we meant the young man," exclaimed Miss Belle, laughing.
"There isn't any, Laurie is only a little boy."
And Meg laughed also at the queer look which the sisters exchanged as she thus described her supposed lover.
"About your age," Nan said.
"Nearer my sister Jo's; I am seventeen in August," returned Meg, tossing her head.
"It's very nice of him to send you flowers, isn't it?"

“Fellow-critters: I’se ordered here to say dat you must stop dat dam noise dare.
You hear?
Stop dat dam smackin’ ob de lip!
Massa Stubb say dat you can fill your dam bellies up to de hatchings, but by Gor!
you must stop dat dam racket!”
“Cook,” here interposed Stubb, accompanying the word with a sudden slap on the shoulder,—“Cook!
why, damn your eyes, you mustn’t swear that way when you’re preaching.
That’s no way to convert sinners, cook!”
“Who dat?
Den preach to him yourself,” sullenly turning to go.
“No, cook; go on, go on.”
“Well, den, Belubed fellow-critters:”—
“Right!” exclaimed Stubb, approvingly, “coax ’em to it; try that,” and Fleece continued.
“Do you is all sharks, and by natur wery woracious, yet I zay to you, fellow-critters, dat dat woraciousness—’top dat dam slappin’ ob de tail!
How you tink to hear, spose you keep up such a dam slappin’ and bitin’ dare?”
“Cook,” cried Stubb, collaring him, “I won’t have that swearing.
Talk to ’em gentlemanly.”
Once more the sermon proceeded.

Never fear!
we shall do pretty well, in spite of them all.”
“Your wings are colored like the rainbow!”  exclaimed Pandora.
“How very beautiful!”
“Yes, they are like the rainbow,” said Hope, “because glad as my nature is, I am partly made of tears as well as smiles.”
“And will you stay with us,” asked Epimetheus, “for ever and ever?”
“As long as you need me,” said Hope, with her pleasant smile, “and that will be as long as you live in the world, I promise never to desert you.
There may come times and seasons, now and then, when you will think that I have utterly vanished.
But again, and again, and again, when perhaps you least dream of it, you shall see the glimmer of my wings on the ceiling of your cottage.
Yes, my dear children, and I know something very good and beautiful that is to be given you hereafter!”
“O tell us,” they exclaimed, “tell us what it is!”
“Do not ask me,” replied Hope, putting her finger on her rosy mouth.
“But do not despair, even if it should never happen while you live on this earth.
Trust in my promise, for it is true.”
“We do trust you!” cried Epimetheus and Pandora, both in one breath.
And so they did; and not only they, but so has everybody trusted Hope, that has since been alive.
And, to tell you the truth, I cannot help being glad (though, to be sure, it was an uncommonly naughty thing for her to do)-but I cannot help being glad that our foolish Pandora peeped into the box.
No doubt no doubt the Troubles are still flying about the world, and have increased in multitude, rather than lessened, and are a very ugly set of imps, and carry most venomous stings in their tails.
I have felt them already, and expect to feel them more, as I grow older.

But Hannah did not cry about it.
There was a momentary choking, perhaps, in her throat, as she caught a last view of granny's mob cap and her father's rough face, with the red head of her small stepbrother between them, grouped in the doorway.
Her mother had died long ago, and there was another in her place now, and a swarm of children.
Hannah was going to her own home, to a much easier life, and going with John.
Why should she cry?
Besides, Hannah was the merriest little woman in the country.
She had a laugh always lying ready in a convenient dimple.
She never knew what "blues" meant, except to dye stocking yarn.
She was sunny as a dandelion and gay as a bobolink.
Her sweet good nature never failed through the long day's journey, and when night came she made a pot of tea at the campfire, roasted a row of apples, and broiled a partridge John shot by the wayside, with as much enjoyment as if this was the merriest picnic excursion, and not a solitary camp in the forest, long miles away from any human dwelling, and by no means sure of safety from some lingering savage, some beast of harmful nature, or at least a visit from a shambling black bear, for bears were plentiful enough in that region.
But none of these things worried Hannah.
She ate her supper with hearty appetite, said her prayers with John, and curled down on the featherbed in the cart, while John heaped on more wood, and, shouldering his musket, went to lengthen the ropes that tethered his oxen, and then mounted guard over the camp.

Now that she did not care to lay any more eggs, the other birds were quite friendly with her.
They began to talk over the summer that was past, and said how finely the young birds were coming on.
"By the way," said she, in the most careless manner possible, "I ought to have a few children round here somewhere.
Can anybody tell me where they are?"
Mrs. Goldfinch looked at her husband and he looked at the sky.
The Warblers and the Vireos, who had known about the strange egg in the Goldfinches' nest, had already left for the winter, and there seemed to be no use in telling their secret now or quarrelling over what was past.
Some of the other birds might have told Mrs. Cowbird a few things, but they also kept still.
"It is a shame," she said.
"I never laid a finer lot of eggs in my life, and I was very careful where I put them.
I wish I knew how many there were, but I forgot to count.
I have been watching and watching for my little birds to join our flock; I was sure I should know them if I saw them.
Mothers have such fine feelings, you know, in regard to their children."

the fools!” said the Griffin; “the key lies in the wood-house under a log of wood behind the door.” “And then he said that in another castle the daughter was ill, and they knew no remedy that would cure her.” “Oh!
the fools!” said the Griffin; “under the cellar-steps a toad has made its nest of her hair, and if she got her hair back she would be well.” “And then he also said that there was a place where there was a lake and a man beside it who was forced to carry everybody across.” “Oh, the fool!” said the Griffin; “if he only put one man down in the middle, he would never have to carry another across.” Early the next morning the Griffin got up and went out.
Then Hans came forth from under the bed, and he had a beautiful feather, and had heard what the Griffin had said about the key, and the daughter, and the ferry-man.
The Griffin’s wife repeated it all once more to him that he might not forget it, and then he went home again.
First he came to the man by the lake, who asked him what the Griffin had said, but Hans replied that he must first carry him across, and then he would tell him.
So the man carried him across, and when he was over Hans told him that all he had to do was to set one person down in the middle of the lake, and then he would never have to carry over any more.
The man was hugely delighted, and told Hans that out of gratitude he would take him once more across, and back again.
But Hans said no, he would save him the trouble, he was quite satisfied already, and pursued his way.
Then he came to the castle where the daughter was ill; he took her on his shoulders, for she could not walk, and carried her down the cellar-steps and pulled out the toad’s nest from beneath the lowest step and gave it into her hand, and she sprang off his shoulder and up the steps before him, and was quite cured.
Then were the father and mother beyond measure rejoiced, and they gave Hans gifts of gold and of silver, and whatsoever else he wished for, that they gave him.
And when he got to the other castle he went at once into the wood-house, and found the key under the log of wood behind the door, and took it to the lord of the castle.
He also was not a little pleased, and gave Hans as a reward much of the gold that was in the chest, and all kinds of things besides, such as cows, and sheep, and goats.

my letter?” he cried.
“He never delivered it!
I might have guessed it, oh!
curse him!
Of course she did not understand what I meant, naturally!
Why why why didn’t you give her the note, you ”
“Excuse me; I was able to deliver it almost immediately after receiving your commission, and I gave it, too, just as you asked me to.
It has come into my hands now because Aglaya Ivanovna has just returned it to me.”
“How?
When?”
“As soon as I finished writing in her album for her, and when she asked me to come out of the room with her (you heard?
), we went into the dining-room, and she gave me your letter to read, and then told me to return it.”
“To read?” cried Gania, almost at the top of his voice; “to read, and you read it?”
And again he stood like a log in the middle of the pavement; so amazed that his mouth remained open after the last word had left it.
“Yes, I have just read it.”
“And she gave it you to read herself herself?”
“Yes, herself; and you may believe me when I tell you that I would not have read it for anything without her permission.”
Gania was silent for a minute or two, as though thinking out some problem.
Suddenly he cried:
“It’s impossible, she cannot have given it to you to read!
You are lying.

This composition was considered to be the very finest effort of the evening.
The mayor of the village, in delivering the prize to the author of it, made a warm speech in which he said that it was by far the most “eloquent” thing he had ever listened to, and that Daniel Webster himself might well be proud of it.
It may be remarked, in passing, that the number of compositions in which the word “beauteous” was over-fondled, and human experience referred to as “life's page,” was up to the usual average.
Now the master, mellow almost to the verge of geniality, put his chair aside, turned his back to the audience, and began to draw a map of America on the blackboard, to exercise the geography class upon.
But he made a sad business of it with his unsteady hand, and a smothered titter rippled over the house.
He knew what the matter was, and set himself to right it.
He sponged out lines and remade them; but he only distorted them more than ever, and the tittering was more pronounced.
He threw his entire attention upon his work, now, as if determined not to be put down by the mirth.
He felt that all eyes were fastened upon him; he imagined he was succeeding, and yet the tittering continued; it even manifestly increased.
And well it might.
There was a garret above, pierced with a scuttle over his head; and down through this scuttle came a cat, suspended around the haunches by a string; she had a rag tied about her head and jaws to keep her from mewing; as she slowly descended she curved upward and clawed at the string, she swung downward and clawed at the intangible air.
The tittering rose higher and higher the cat was within six inches of the absorbed teacher's head down, down, a little lower, and she grabbed his wig with her desperate claws, clung to it, and was snatched up into the garret in an instant with her trophy still in her possession!

And then the training began again.
Among all the children down in the street the one that seemed most bent upon singing the song that made game of the storks was the boy who had begun it, and he was a little fellow hardly more than six years old.
The young storks, to be sure, thought he was at least a hundred, for he was much bigger than their parents, and, besides, what did they know about the ages of either children or grown men?
Their whole vengeance was to be aimed at this one boy.
It was always he who began the song and persisted in mocking them.
The young storks were very angry, and as they grew larger they also grew less patient under insult, and their mother was at last obliged to promise them that they might be revenged but not until the day of their departure.
"We must first see how you carry yourselves at the great review.
If you do so badly that the general runs his beak through you, then the boys will be in the right at least in one way.
We must wait and see!"
"Yes, you shall see!"
cried all the young storks; and they took the greatest pains, practicing every day, until they flew so evenly and so lightly that it was a pleasure to see them.
The autumn now set in; all the storks began to assemble, in order to start for the warm countries and leave winter behind them.

She soon seemed to be quite well again, and the Prince, delighted to have been able to help her, was thinking of going home to the palace, when he heard a great outcry, and, turning round, saw Celia, who was being carried against her will into the great house.
For the first time the Prince regretted that he was no longer the monster, then he would have been able to rescue Celia; now he could only bark feebly at the people who were carrying her off, and try to follow them, but they chased and kicked him away.
He determined not to quit the place till he knew what had become of Celia, and blamed himself for what had befallen her.
“Alas!” he said to himself, “I am furious with the people who are carrying Celia off, but isn’t that exactly what I did myself, and if I had not been prevented did I not intend to be still more cruel to her?”
Here he was interrupted by a noise above his head someone was opening a window, and he saw with delight that it was Celia herself, who came forward and threw out a plate of most delicious-looking food, then the window was shut again, and Prince Darling, who had not had anything to eat all day, thought he might as well take the opportunity of getting something.
He ran forward to begin, but the young girl to whom he had given his bread gave a cry of terror and took him up in her arms, saying:
“Don’t touch it, my poor little dog that house is the palace of pleasure, and everything that comes out of it is poisoned!”
At the same moment a voice said:
“You see a good action always brings its reward,” and the Prince found himself changed into a beautiful white dove.
He remembered that white was the favorite color of the Fairy Truth, and began to hope that he might at last win back her favor.
But just now his first care was for Celia, and rising into the air he flew round and round the house, until he saw an open window; but he searched through every room in vain.
No trace of Celia was to be seen, and the Prince, in despair, determined to search through the world till he found her.
He flew on and on for several days, till he came to a great desert, where he saw a cavern, and, to his delight, there sat Celia, sharing the simple breakfast of an old hermit.
Overjoyed to have found her, Prince Darling perched upon her shoulder, trying to express by his caresses how glad he was to see her again, and Celia, surprised and delighted by the tameness of this pretty white dove, stroked it softly, and said, though she never thought of its understanding her:
“I accept the gift that you make me of yourself, and I will love you always.”
“Take care what you are saying, Celia,” said the old hermit; “are you prepared to keep that promise?”
“Indeed, I hope so, my sweet shepherdess,” cried the Prince, who was at that moment restored to his natural shape.
“You promised to love me always; tell me that you really mean what you said, or I shall have to ask the Fairy to give me back the form of the dove which pleased you so much.”
“You need not be afraid that she will change her mind,” said the Fairy, throwing off the hermit’s robe in which she had been disguised and appearing before them.
“Celia has loved you ever since she first saw you, only she would not tell you while you were so obstinate and naughty.

But if a man was dead sober, I reckon maybe that whack might fetch him; I dono.”
After another reflective silence, Tom said:
“Hucky, you sure you can keep mum?”
“Tom, we got to keep mum.
You know that.
That Injun devil wouldn't make any more of drownding us than a couple of cats, if we was to squeak 'bout this and they didn't hang him.
Now, look-a-here, Tom, less take and swear to one another that's what we got to do swear to keep mum.”
“I'm agreed.
It's the best thing.
Would you just hold hands and swear that we ”
“Oh no, that wouldn't do for this.
That's good enough for little rubbishy common things specially with gals, cuz they go back on you anyway, and blab if they get in a huff but there orter be writing 'bout a big thing like this.
And blood.”
Tom's whole being applauded this idea.
It was deep, and dark, and awful; the hour, the circumstances, the surroundings, were in keeping with it.
He picked up a clean pine shingle that lay in the moon-light, took a little fragment of “red keel” out of his pocket, got the moon on his work, and painfully scrawled these lines, emphasizing each slow down-stroke by clamping his tongue between his teeth, and letting up the pressure on the up-strokes.
[See next page.]
“Huck Finn and Tom Sawyer swears they will keep mum about This and They wish They may Drop down dead in Their Tracks if They ever Tell and Rot.”
Huckleberry was filled with admiration of Tom's facility in writing, and the sublimity of his language.

Company would be a palpable improvement, he thought.
CHAPTER XXVII 
THE adventure of the day mightily tormented Tom's dreams that night.
Four times he had his hands on that rich treasure and four times it wasted to nothingness in his fingers as sleep forsook him and wakefulness brought back the hard reality of his misfortune.
As he lay in the early morning recalling the incidents of his great adventure, he noticed that they seemed curiously subdued and far away somewhat as if they had happened in another world, or in a time long gone by.
Then it occurred to him that the great adventure itself must be a dream!
There was one very strong argument in favor of this idea namely, that the quantity of coin he had seen was too vast to be real.
He had never seen as much as fifty dollars in one mass before, and he was like all boys of his age and station in life, in that he imagined that all references to “hundreds” and “thousands” were mere fanciful forms of speech, and that no such sums really existed in the world.
He never had supposed for a moment that so large a sum as a hundred dollars was to be found in actual money in any one's possession.
If his notions of hidden treasure had been analyzed, they would have been found to consist of a handful of real dimes and a bushel of vague, splendid, ungraspable dollars.
But the incidents of his adventure grew sensibly sharper and clearer under the attrition of thinking them over, and so he presently found himself leaning to the impression that the thing might not have been a dream, after all.
This uncertainty must be swept away.
He would snatch a hurried breakfast and go and find Huck.

Could I not snap the bond?
I was already a dying and a desperate man.
Though clear of mind and fairly strong of limb, I knew that my own fate was sealed.
But my memory and my girl!
Both could be saved if I could but silence that foul tongue.
I did it, Mr. Holmes.
I would do it again.
Deeply as I have sinned, I have led a life of martyrdom to atone for it.
But that my girl should be entangled in the same meshes which held me was more than I could suffer.
I struck him down with no more compunction than if he had been some foul and venomous beast.
His cry brought back his son; but I had gained the cover of the wood, though I was forced to go back to fetch the cloak which I had dropped in my flight.
That is the true story, gentlemen, of all that occurred.”
“Well, it is not for me to judge you,” said Holmes as the old man signed the statement which had been drawn out.

When he came to the courtyard he found a beautiful maiden standing at the well, drawing water with two golden pails.
And as she was about to carry away the glittering water she turned round and saw the stranger, and asked him who he was.
Then he replied: “I am a merchant,” and opening his apron, he let her peep in.
“Oh!
my,” she cried; “what beautiful gold wares!” she set down her pails, and examined one thing after the other.
Then she said: “The Princess must see this, she has such a fancy for gold things that she will buy up all you have.” She took him by the hand and let him into the palace, for she was the lady’s maid.
When the Princess had seen the wares she was quite enchanted, and said:
“They are all so beautifully made that I shall buy everything you have.”
 But Trusty John said: “I am only the servant of a rich merchant, what I have here is nothing compared to what my master has on his ship; his merchandise is more artistic and costly than anything that has ever been made in gold before.” She desired to have everything brought up to her, but he said: “There is such a quantity of things that it would take many days to bring them up, and they would take up so many rooms that you would have no space for them in your house.” Thus her desire and curiosity were excited to such an extent that at last she said: “Take me to your ship; I shall go there myself and view your master’s treasures.”
Then Trusty John was quite delighted, and brought her to the ship; and the King, when he beheld her, saw that she was even more beautiful than her picture, and thought every moment that his heart would burst.
She stepped on to the ship, and the King led her inside.
But Trusty John remained behind with the steersman, and ordered the ship to push off.
“Spread all sail, that we may fly on the ocean like a bird in the air.”
 Meanwhile the King showed the Princess inside all his gold wares, every single bit of it dishes, goblets, bowls, the birds and game, and all the wonderful beasts.
Many hours passed thus, and she was so happy that she did not notice that the ship was sailing away.
After she had seen the last thing she thanked the merchant and prepared to go home; but when she came to the ship’s side she saw that they were on the high seas, far from land, and that the ship was speeding on its way under full canvas.

Why, an axe that stood there hacking and hewing, all of itself, at the trunk of a fir.
"Good-day!"
said Jack.
"So you stand here all alone and hew, do you?"
"Yes; here I've stood and hewed and hacked a long, long time, waiting for you," said the Axe.
"Well, here I am at last," said Jack, as he took the axe, pulled it off its handle, and stuffed both head and handle into his wallet.
So when he got down again to his brothers, they began to jeer and laugh at him.
"And now, what funny thing was it you saw up yonder on the hillside?"
they said.
"Oh, it was only an axe we heard," said Jack.
So when they had gone a bit farther, they came under a steep spur of rock, and up there they heard something digging and shoveling.
"I wonder now," said Jack, "what it is digging and shoveling up yonder at the top of the rock."

Says I, on second thoughts, ‘I guess I won’t kick you, old fellow.’ ‘Wise Stubb,’
said he, ‘wise Stubb;’ and kept muttering it all the time, a sort of eating of his own gums like a chimney hag.
Seeing he wasn’t going to stop saying over his ‘wise Stubb, wise Stubb,’ I thought I might as well fall to kicking the pyramid again.
But I had only just lifted my foot for it, when he roared out, ‘Stop that kicking!’ ‘Halloa,’ says I, ‘what’s the matter now, old fellow?’ ‘Look ye here,’ says he; ‘let’s argue the insult.
Captain Ahab kicked ye, didn’t he?’ ‘Yes, he did,’
says I—‘right here it was.’ ‘Very good,’ says he—‘he used his ivory leg, didn’t he?’ ‘Yes, he did,’ says I.
‘Well then,’ says he, ‘wise Stubb, what have you to complain of?
Didn’t he kick with right good will?
it wasn’t a common pitch pine leg he kicked with, was it?
No, you were kicked by a great man, and with a beautiful ivory leg, Stubb.
It’s an honor; I consider it an honor.
Listen, wise Stubb.
In old England the greatest lords think it great glory to be slapped by a queen, and made garter-knights of; but, be your boast, Stubb, that ye were kicked by old Ahab, and made a wise man of.
Remember what I say; be kicked by him; account his kicks honors; and on no account kick back; for you can’t help yourself, wise Stubb.

NO MORE SCHOOL!
As soon as they had set foot in that land, Pinocchio, Lamp-Wick, and all the other boys who had traveled with them started out on a tour of investigation.
They wandered everywhere, they looked into every nook and corner, house and theater.
They became everybody’s friend.
Who could be happier than they?
What with entertainments and parties, the hours, the days, the weeks passed like lightning.
“Oh, what a beautiful life this is!” said Pinocchio each time that, by chance, he met his friend Lamp-Wick.
“Was I right or wrong?” answered Lamp-Wick.
“And to think you did not want to come!
To think that even yesterday the idea came into your head to return home to see your Fairy and to start studying again!
If today you are free from pencils and books and school, you owe it to me, to my advice, to my care.
Do you admit it?

Well, I shall be spared such a hard beginning, and shall start with a little capital.
In fifteen years people will say, ‘Look, that’s Ivolgin, the king of the Jews!’ You say that I have no originality.
Now mark this, prince there is nothing so offensive to a man of our time and race than to be told that he is wanting in originality, that he is weak in character, has no particular talent, and is, in short, an ordinary person.
You have not even done me the honour of looking upon me as a rogue.
Do you know, I could have knocked you down for that just now!
You wounded me more cruelly than Epanchin, who thinks me capable of selling him my wife!
Observe, it was a perfectly gratuitous idea on his part, seeing there has never been any discussion of it between us!
This has exasperated me, and I am determined to make a fortune!
I will do it!
Once I am rich, I shall be a genius, an extremely original man.
One of the vilest and most hateful things connected with money is that it can buy even talent; and will do so as long as the world lasts.
You will say that this is childish or romantic.

After this the chairs pushed themselves up, but no people came, until all at once he beheld fingers, which handled knives and forks, and laid food on the plates, but with this exception he saw nothing.
As he was hungry, and saw the food, he, too, place himself at the table, ate with those who were eating and enjoyed it.
When he had had enough, and the others also had quite emptied their dishes, he distinctly heard all the candles being suddenly snuffed out, and as it was now pitch dark, he felt something like a box on the ear.
Then he said, “If anything of that kind comes again, I shall strike out in return.” And when he had received a second box on the ear, he, too struck out.
And so it continued the whole night.
He took nothing without returning it, but repaid everything with interest, and did not lay about him in vain.
At daybreak, however, everything ceased.
When the miller had got up, he wanted to look after him, and wondered if he were still alive.
Then the youth said, “I have eaten my fill, have received some boxes on the ears, but I have given some in return.” The miller rejoiced, and said that the mill was now released from the spell, and wanted to give him much money as a reward.
But he said, “Money, I will not have, I have enough of it.” So he took his meal on his back, went home, and told the bailiff that he had done what he had been told to do, and would now have the reward agreed on.
When the bailiff heard that, he was seriously alarmed and quite beside himself; he walked backwards and forwards in the room, and drops of perspiration ran down from his forehead.
Then he opened the window to get some fresh air, but before he was aware, the head-servant had given him such a kick that he flew through the window out into the air, and so far away that no one ever saw him again.

With the earrings I went at once to Zaleshoff’s.
‘Come on!’ I said, ‘come on to Nastasia Philipovna’s,’ and off we went without more ado.
I tell you I hadn’t a notion of what was about me or before me or below my feet all the way; I saw nothing whatever.
We went straight into her drawing-room, and then she came out to us.
“I didn’t say right out who I was, but Zaleshoff said: ‘From Parfen Rogojin, in memory of his first meeting with you yesterday; be so kind as to accept these!’
“She opened the parcel, looked at the earrings, and laughed.
“‘Thank your friend Mr. Rogojin for his kind attention,’ says she, and bowed and went off.
Why didn’t I die there on the spot?
The worst of it all was, though, that the beast Zaleshoff got all the credit of it!
I was short and abominably dressed, and stood and stared in her face and never said a word, because I was shy, like an ass!
And there was he all in the fashion, pomaded and dressed out, with a smart tie on, bowing and scraping; and I bet anything she took him for me all the while!
“‘Look here now,’ I said, when we came out, ‘none of your interference here after this do you understand?’ He laughed: ‘And how are you going to settle up with your father?’ says he.
I thought I might as well jump into the Neva at once without going home first; but it struck me that I wouldn’t, after all, and I went home feeling like one of the damned.”
“My goodness!” shivered the clerk.

for showing such discourtesy to a guest, and especially to the guest by whose kindly offices the assembly had been summoned together; so U Kui was driven to yield up his silver sword.
As soon as U Pyrthat got possession of the sword he began to wield it with such rapidity and force that it flashed like leaping flame, till all eyes were dazzled almost to blindness, and at the same time he started to beat on his big drum with such violence that the earth shook and trembled and the animals fled in terror to hide in the jungle.
During the confusion U Pyrthat leaped to the sky, taking the lynx's silver sword with him, and he is frequently seen brandishing it wildly there and beating loudly on his drum.
In many countries people call these manifestations "thunder" and "lightning," but the Ancient Khasis who were present at the festival knew them to be the stolen sword of the lynx.
U Kui was very disconsolate, and has never grown reconciled to his loss.
It is said of him that he has never wandered far from home since then, in order to live near a mound he is trying to raise, which he hopes will one day reach the sky.
He hopes to climb to the top of it, to overtake the giant U Pyrthat, and to seize once more his silver sword.
XX 
THE PROHIBITED FOOD 
When mankind first came to live upon the earth, the Great God saw fit to walk abroad in their midst frequently, and permitted them to hold converse with Him on matters pertaining to their duties and their welfare.
At one time the discourse turned on the terrible consequences of disobedience, which caused punishment to fall, not only on the transgressor himself, but upon the entire human race also.
The man could not comprehend the mystery and sought for enlightenment from God, and in order to help him to understand, the Great God said unto him, "Do thou retire for seven days to meditate upon this matter; at the end of the seven days I will again visit the earth; seek me then and we will discourse further.
In the meantime go into the forest and hew down the giant tree which I point out to thee, and on thy peril beware of cutting down any other trees."
And He pointed out a large tree in the middle of the forest.

The unicorn ran against the tree with all its strength, and struck its horn so fast in the trunk that it had not strength enough to draw it out again, and thus it was caught.
“Now, I have got the bird,” said the tailor, and came out from behind the tree and put the rope round its neck, and then with his axe he hewed the horn out of the tree, and when all was ready he led the beast away and took it to the King.
The King still would not give him the promised reward, and made a third demand.
Before the wedding the tailor was to catch him a wild boar that made great havoc in the forest, and the huntsmen should give him their help.
“Willingly,” said the tailor, “that is child’s play!” He did not take the huntsmen with him into the forest, and they were well pleased that he did not, for the wild boar had several times received them in such a manner that they had no inclination to lie in wait for him.
When the boar perceived the tailor, it ran on him with foaming mouth and whetted tusks, and was about to throw him to the ground, but the active hero sprang into a chapel which was near, and up to the window at once, and in one bound out again.
The boar ran in after him, but the tailor ran round outside and shut the door behind it, and then the raging beast, which was much too heavy and awkward to leap out of the window, was caught.
The little tailor called the huntsmen thither that they might see the prisoner with their own eyes.
The hero, however went to the King, who was now, whether he liked it or not, obliged to keep his promise, and gave him his daughter and the half of his kingdom.
Had he known that it was no warlike hero, but a little tailor who was standing before him, it would have gone to his heart still more than it did.
The wedding was held with great magnificence and small joy, and out of a tailor a king was made.
After some time the young Queen heard her husband say in his dreams at night, “Boy, make me the doublet, and patch the pantaloons, or else I will rap the yard-measure over thine ears.” Then she discovered in what state of life the young lord had been born, and next morning complained of her wrongs to her father, and begged him to help her to get rid of her husband, who was nothing else but a tailor.

said the elder, still more shortly.
"What's more, don't care!"
The little comet fairly shook with amazement and indignation.
"You don't care!"
he cried.
"Is it possible?
And how long, may I ask, have you been travelling hither and thither through space, without knowing or caring why?"
"Long enough to learn not to ask stupid questions!"
answered Long-Tail No.
45.
"Good morning to you!"
And without another word he was off, with his preposterously long tail spreading itself like a luminous fan behind him.

At the time of his “adventure” with Nastasia Philipovna he had come to the conclusion that money was his only hope money should do all for him.
At the moment when he lost Aglaya, and after the scene with Nastasia, he had felt so low in his own eyes that he actually brought the money back to the prince.
Of this returning of the money given to him by a madwoman who had received it from a madman, he had often repented since though he never ceased to be proud of his action.
During the short time that Muishkin remained in Petersburg Gania had had time to come to hate him for his sympathy, though the prince told him that it was “not everyone who would have acted so nobly” as to return the money.
He had long pondered, too, over his relations with Aglaya, and had persuaded himself that with such a strange, childish, innocent character as hers, things might have ended very differently.
Remorse then seized him; he threw up his post, and buried himself in self-torment and reproach.
He lived at Ptitsin’s, and openly showed contempt for the latter, though he always listened to his advice, and was sensible enough to ask for it when he wanted it.
Gavrila Ardalionovitch was angry with Ptitsin because the latter did not care to become a Rothschild.
“If you are to be a Jew,” he said, “do it properly squeeze people right and left, show some character; be the King of the Jews while you are about it.”
Ptitsin was quiet and not easily offended he only laughed.
But on one occasion he explained seriously to Gania that he was no Jew, that he did nothing dishonest, that he could not help the market price of money, that, thanks to his accurate habits, he had already a good footing and was respected, and that his business was flourishing.
“I shan’t ever be a Rothschild, and there is no reason why I should,” he added, smiling; “but I shall have a house in the Liteynaya, perhaps two, and that will be enough for me.” “Who knows but what I may have three!”
 he concluded to himself; but this dream, cherished inwardly, he never confided to a soul.
Nature loves and favours such people.

Can any mortal sing with such charm and beauty?
Such sacred and home-felt delight I never heard till now.
I'll speak to her, and she shall be my queen.
Comus (dressed as a shepherd).
Hail, fair goddess!
for you must be more than mortal, to sing such sweet and wondrous strain.
Lady Alice.
Nay, gentle shepherd.
I sang not as loving my own voice, and praise is lost that falls on unattending ears.
Stern necessity compelled my song.
Comus.
How comes it, Lady, that you are thus alone?

Hence, I conclude, that in boasting himself to be high lifted above a whaleman, in that assertion the pirate has no solid basis to stand on.
But what is a Gam?
You might wear out your index-finger running up and down the columns of dictionaries, and never find the word.
Dr.
Johnson never attained to that erudition; Noah Webster’s ark does not hold it.
Nevertheless, this same expressive word has now for many years been in constant use among some fifteen thousand true born Yankees.
Certainly, it needs a definition, and should be incorporated into the Lexicon.
With that view, let me learnedly define it.
GAM.
NOUN—A social meeting of two (or more) Whaleships, generally on a cruising-ground; when, after exchanging hails, they exchange visits by boats’ crews: the two captains remaining, for the time, on board of one ship, and the two chief mates on the other.
There is another little item about Gamming which must not be forgotten here.
All professions have their own little peculiarities of detail; so has the whale fishery.
In a pirate, man-of-war, or slave ship, when the captain is rowed anywhere in his boat, he always sits in the stern sheets on a comfortable, sometimes cushioned seat there, and often steers himself with a pretty little milliner’s tiller decorated with gay cords and ribbons.

All day long he flew, and at night-time he arrived at the city.
“Where shall I put up?” he said; “I hope the town has made preparations.”
Then he saw the statue on the tall column.
“I will put up there,” he cried; “it is a fine position, with plenty of fresh air.”  So he alighted just between the feet of the Happy Prince.
“I have a golden bedroom,” he said softly to himself as he looked round, and he prepared to go to sleep; but just as he was putting his head under his wing a large drop of water fell on him.
“What a curious thing!” he cried; “there is not a single cloud in the sky, the stars are quite clear and bright, and yet it is raining.
The climate in the north of Europe is really dreadful.
The Reed used to like the rain, but that was merely her selfishness.”
Then another drop fell.
“What is the use of a statue if it cannot keep the rain off?” he said; “I must look for a good chimney-pot,” and he determined to fly away.
But before he had opened his wings, a third drop fell, and he looked up, and saw—Ah!
what did he see?
The eyes of the Happy Prince were filled with tears, and tears were running down his golden cheeks.
His face was so beautiful in the moonlight that the little Swallow was filled with pity.

THEY only knew how little he had had to tempt him to be disobedient, and how small was the consolation, beyond the consciousness of doing right, that could remain to him in the loss of friends and fortune.
Elinor gloried in his integrity; and Marianne forgave all his offences in compassion for his punishment.
But though confidence between them was, by this public discovery, restored to its proper state, it was not a subject on which either of them were fond of dwelling when alone.
Elinor avoided it upon principle, as tending to fix still more upon her thoughts, by the too warm, too positive assurances of Marianne, that belief of Edward's continued affection for herself which she rather wished to do away; and Marianne's courage soon failed her, in trying to converse upon a topic which always left her more dissatisfied with herself than ever, by the comparison it necessarily produced between Elinor's conduct and her own.
She felt all the force of that comparison; but not as her sister had hoped, to urge her to exertion now; she felt it with all the pain of continual self-reproach, regretted most bitterly that she had never exerted herself before; but it brought only the torture of penitence, without the hope of amendment.
Her mind was so much weakened that she still fancied present exertion impossible, and therefore it only dispirited her more.
Nothing new was heard by them, for a day or two afterwards, of affairs in Harley Street, or Bartlett's Buildings.
But though so much of the matter was known to them already, that Mrs. Jennings might have had enough to do in spreading that knowledge farther, without seeking after more, she had resolved from the first to pay a visit of comfort and inquiry to her cousins as soon as she could; and nothing but the hindrance of more visitors than usual, had prevented her going to them within that time.
The third day succeeding their knowledge of the particulars, was so fine, so beautiful a Sunday as to draw many to Kensington Gardens, though it was only the second week in March.
Mrs. Jennings and Elinor were of the number; but Marianne, who knew that the Willoughbys were again in town, and had a constant dread of meeting them, chose rather to stay at home, than venture into so public a place.
An intimate acquaintance of Mrs. Jennings joined them soon after they entered the Gardens, and Elinor was not sorry that by her continuing with them, and engaging all Mrs. Jennings's conversation, she was herself left to quiet reflection.
She saw nothing of the Willoughbys, nothing of Edward, and for some time nothing of anybody who could by any chance whether grave or gay, be interesting to her.

She says she never shall think well of anybody again; and one cannot wonder at it, after being so deceived!
meeting with such ingratitude, where so much kindness had been shewn, so much confidence had been placed!
It was quite out of the benevolence of her heart, that she had asked these young women to her house; merely because she thought they deserved some attention, were harmless, well-behaved girls, and would be pleasant companions; for otherwise we both wished very much to have invited you and Marianne to be with us, while your kind friend there, was attending her daughter.
And now to be so rewarded!
'I wish, with all my heart,' says poor Fanny in her affectionate way, 'that we had asked your sisters instead of them.'"
Here he stopped to be thanked; which being done, he went on.
"What poor Mrs. Ferrars suffered, when first Fanny broke it to her, is not to be described.
While she with the truest affection had been planning a most eligible connection for him, was it to be supposed that he could be all the time secretly engaged to another person!
such a suspicion could never have entered her head!
If she suspected ANY prepossession elsewhere, it could not be in THAT quarter.
'THERE, to be sure,' said she, 'I might have thought myself safe.'
She was quite in an agony.

Well, in she came.
"Can you wash this shirt clean, lassie you?"
said he.
"I don't know," she said, "but I think I can."
And almost before she had taken it and dipped it in the water, it was as white as driven snow, and whiter still.
"Yes; you are the lassie for me," said the Prince.
At that the old hag flew into such a rage, she burst on the spot, and the Princess with the long nose after her, and the whole pack of Trolls after her at least I've never heard a word about them since.
As for the Prince and Princess, they set free all the poor Christian folk who had been carried off and shut up there; and they took with them all the silver and gold, and flitted away as far as they could from the Castle that lay East of the Sun and West of the Moon.
THE BLUE BELT 
Once on a time there was an old beggar-woman, who had gone out to beg.
She had a little lad with her, and when she had got her bag full she struck across the hills towards her own home.
So when they had gone a bit up the hill-side, they came upon a little Blue Belt which lay where two paths met, and the lad asked his mother's leave to pick it up.
"No," said she, "maybe there's witchcraft in it;" and so with threats she forced him to follow her.

In course of time she realized that if her wretchedness had not made her forget things, she would have known that poor, dull Ermengarde was not to be blamed for her unready, awkward ways.
She was always awkward, and the more she felt, the more stupid she was given to being.
But the sudden thought which had flashed upon her had made her over-sensitive.
"She is like the others," she had thought.
"She does not really want to talk to me.
She knows no one does."
So for several weeks a barrier stood between them.
When they met by chance Sara looked the other way, and Ermengarde felt too stiff and embarrassed to speak.
Sometimes they nodded to each other in passing, but there were times when they did not even exchange a greeting.
"If she would rather not talk to me," Sara thought, "I will keep out of her way.
Miss Minchin makes that easy enough."
Miss Minchin made it so easy that at last they scarcely saw each other at all.

The Raja's son watched the princess quietly, and was very happy.
He said to himself, "How lovely she is!"
At midnight, when everybody had gone to bed, the princess came down from her roof, and went to her room; and when she was in bed and asleep, the Raja's son got up softly, and sat on his bed.
"Bed," he said to it, "I want to go to the Princess Labam's bed-room."
So the little bed carried him to the room where she lay fast asleep.
The young Raja took his bag and said, "I want a great deal of betel-leaf," and it at once gave him quantities of betel-leaf.
This he laid near the princess's bed, and then his little bed carried him back to the old woman's house.
Next morning all the princess's servants found the betel-leaf, and began to eat it.
"Where did you get all that betel-leaf?"
asked the princess.
"We found it near your bed," answered the servants.
Nobody knew the prince had come in the night and put it all there.

He got home pretty late that night, and when he climbed cautiously in at the window, he uncovered an ambuscade, in the person of his aunt; and when she saw the state his clothes were in her resolution to turn his Saturday holiday into captivity at hard labor became adamantine in its firmness.
CHAPTER II 
SATURDAY morning was come, and all the summer world was bright and fresh, and brimming with life.
There was a song in every heart; and if the heart was young the music issued at the lips.
There was cheer in every face and a spring in every step.
The locust-trees were in bloom and the fragrance of the blossoms filled the air.
Cardiff Hill, beyond the village and above it, was green with vegetation and it lay just far enough away to seem a Delectable Land, dreamy, reposeful, and inviting.
Tom appeared on the sidewalk with a bucket of whitewash and a long-handled brush.
He surveyed the fence, and all gladness left him and a deep melancholy settled down upon his spirit.
Thirty yards of board fence nine feet high.
Life to him seemed hollow, and existence but a burden.
Sighing, he dipped his brush and passed it along the topmost plank; repeated the operation; did it again; compared the insignificant whitewashed streak with the far-reaching continent of unwhitewashed fence, and sat down on a tree-box discouraged.
Jim came skipping out at the gate with a tin pail, and singing Buffalo Gals.

“That's for number one,” cried the accused, wiping the sweat from his brow, for he had been talking with a vehemence that shook the house.
“Why, I give you my word, I'm sick to speak to you.
You've neither sense nor memory, and I leave it to fancy where your mothers was that let you come to sea.
Sea!
Gentlemen o' fortune!
I reckon tailors is your trade.”
“Go on, John,” said Morgan.
“Speak up to the others.”
“Ah, the others!” returned John.
“They're a nice lot, ain't they?
You say this cruise is bungled.
Ah!
By gum, if you could understand how bad it's bungled, you would see!
We're that near the gibbet that my neck's stiff with thinking on it.

“A Doctor with a daughter.
Yes.
So commences the new philosophy!
You are fatigued.
Good night!”
It would have been of as much avail to interrogate any stone face outside the chateau as to interrogate that face of his.
The nephew looked at him, in vain, in passing on to the door.
“Good night!” said the uncle.
“I look to the pleasure of seeing you again in the morning.
Good repose!
Light Monsieur my nephew to his chamber there!
And burn Monsieur my nephew in his bed, if you will,” he added to himself, before he rang his little bell again, and summoned his valet to his own bedroom.
The valet come and gone, Monsieur the Marquis walked to and fro in his loose chamber-robe, to prepare himself gently for sleep, that hot still night.

I answered that it had ceased to be a private matter, but had become a public one, since the ruined coronet was national property.
I was determined that the law should have its way in everything.
“‘At least,’ said he, ‘you will not have me arrested at once.
It would be to your advantage as well as mine if I might leave the house for five minutes.’
“‘That you may get away, or perhaps that you may conceal what you have stolen,’ said I.
And then, realising the dreadful position in which I was placed, I implored him to remember that not only my honour but that of one who was far greater than I was at stake; and that he threatened to raise a scandal which would convulse the nation.
He might avert it all if he would but tell me what he had done with the three missing stones.
“‘You may as well face the matter,’ said I; ‘you have been caught in the act, and no confession could make your guilt more heinous.
If you but make such reparation as is in your power, by telling us where the beryls are, all shall be forgiven and forgotten.’
“‘Keep your forgiveness for those who ask for it,’ he answered, turning away from me with a sneer.
I saw that he was too hardened for any words of mine to influence him.
There was but one way for it.
I called in the inspector and gave him into custody.
A search was made at once not only of his person but of his room and of every portion of the house where he could possibly have concealed the gems; but no trace of them could be found, nor would the wretched boy open his mouth for all our persuasions and our threats.

"Well, you just wait, Beth, and see if they are," answered Fred; and sure enough, after ten days of waiting Freddie was rewarded by receiving from the postman a yellow envelope with "Mad River Village"
printed in large, clear letters "right side of the stamp."
He ran as fast as he could with it to his father, shouting to Beth by the way to "come and see if there isn't a Mad Village and a Lucy Tillage."
Mr.
Page was never given so short a time before to open a letter and adjust his glasses, but then a letter had never before been received under such circumstances.
It proved to be from the postmaster at Mad River Village, and ran as follows:
                              Mad River Village, N. H. 
    MR.
PAGE of Boston: I rec.
your letter a Day or two     since and hasten to ans.
it right away, as you wish,     by this morning's mail which I must put up pretty soon     so this letter must be short.
Yes sir I do know a     family in this town by the name of Tillage and they're     a good respectable family too.
They live a mile or     two out of the village on a farm his father left him     and I guess they have pretty hard times making both     ends meet there ain't much sale up here for farm     things, you know, and it costs a heap to send them     to Boston but they do say that of late he's raised     lots of chickens and turkeys to send to Boston for     Thanksgiving.
Last year he and his wife started in on     taking summer boarders and I guess they done first     rate.
They're young folks, got three children, a     little girl a small boy and a baby and I guess they'll     do as well as any one can on that farm, it's a likely     place but his father ain't been dead long and Geo.

The prince made one step forward, and then turned round.
“As to faith,” he said, smiling, and evidently unwilling to leave Rogojin in this state “as to faith, I had four curious conversations in two days, a week or so ago.
One morning I met a man in the train, and made acquaintance with him at once.
I had often heard of him as a very learned man, but an atheist; and I was very glad of the opportunity of conversing with so eminent and clever a person.
He doesn’t believe in God, and he talked a good deal about it, but all the while it appeared to me that he was speaking outside the subject.
And it has always struck me, both in speaking to such men and in reading their books, that they do not seem really to be touching on that at all, though on the surface they may appear to do so.
I told him this, but I dare say I did not clearly express what I meant, for he could not understand me.
“That same evening I stopped at a small provincial hotel, and it so happened that a dreadful murder had been committed there the night before, and everybody was talking about it.
Two peasants elderly men and old friends had had tea together there the night before, and were to occupy the same bedroom.
They were not drunk but one of them had noticed for the first time that his friend possessed a silver watch which he was wearing on a chain.
He was by no means a thief, and was, as peasants go, a rich man; but this watch so fascinated him that he could not restrain himself.
He took a knife, and when his friend turned his back, he came up softly behind, raised his eyes to heaven, crossed himself, and saying earnestly ‘God forgive me, for Christ’s sake!’ he cut his friend’s throat like a sheep, and took the watch.”
Rogojin roared with laughter.

It was asleep when Mr. Scobell found it.
The financier's scheme was first revealed to M. d'Orby, the President of the Republic, a large, stout statesman with even more than the average Mervian instinct for slumber.
He was asleep in a chair on the porch of his villa when Mr. Scobell paid his call, and it was not until the financier's secretary, who attended the seance in the capacity of interpreter, had rocked him vigorously from side to side for quite a minute that he displayed any signs of animation beyond a snore like the growling of distant thunder.
When at length he opened his eyes, he perceived the nightmare-like form of Mr. Scobell standing before him, talking.
The financier, impatient of delay, had begun to talk some moments before the great awakening.
"Sir," Mr. Scobell was saying, "I gotta proposition to which I'd like you to give your complete attention.
Shake him some more, Crump.
Sir, there's big money in it for all of us, if you and your crowd'll sit in.
Money.
Lar' monnay.
No, that means change.
What's money, Crump?

As bluntly as he could speak it, therefore, he told me that Marianne Dashwood was dying of a putrid fever at Cleveland a letter that morning received from Mrs. Jennings declared her danger most imminent the Palmers are all gone off in a fright, &c. I was too much shocked to be able to pass myself off as insensible even to the undiscerning Sir John.
His heart was softened in seeing mine suffer; and so much of his ill-will was done away, that when we parted, he almost shook me by the hand while he reminded me of an old promise about a pointer puppy.
What I felt on hearing that your sister was dying and dying too, believing me the greatest villain upon earth, scorning, hating me in her latest moments for how could I tell what horrid projects might not have been imputed?
ONE person I was sure would represent me as capable of any thing  What I felt was dreadful!
My resolution was soon made, and at eight o'clock this morning I was in my carriage.
Now you know all."
Elinor made no answer.
Her thoughts were silently fixed on the irreparable injury which too early an independence and its consequent habits of idleness, dissipation, and luxury, had made in the mind, the character, the happiness, of a man who, to every advantage of person and talents, united a disposition naturally open and honest, and a feeling, affectionate temper.
The world had made him extravagant and vain Extravagance and vanity had made him cold-hearted and selfish.
Vanity, while seeking its own guilty triumph at the expense of another, had involved him in a real attachment, which extravagance, or at least its offspring, necessity, had required to be sacrificed.
Each faulty propensity in leading him to evil, had led him likewise to punishment.
The attachment, from which against honour, against feeling, against every better interest he had outwardly torn himself, now, when no longer allowable, governed every thought; and the connection, for the sake of which he had, with little scruple, left her sister to misery, was likely to prove a source of unhappiness to himself of a far more incurable nature.

She smelled good things cooking.
She said to herself, "This is the last night of the year."
*       *
          knew          window          fire           money         even            pile 
Gretchen got colder and colder.
She was afraid to go home.
She knew her papa would whip her, if she did not take some money to him.
It was as cold at home as in the street.
They were too poor to have a fire.
They had to put rags in the windows to keep out the wind.
Gretchen did not even have a bed.
She had to sleep on a pile of rags.
*       *
          frozen        candle          sitting           lighted       thought         stove           near          think           step 
She sat down on a door step.
Her little hands were almost frozen.

It will certainly be much the best way.
A present of fifty pounds, now and then, will prevent their ever being distressed for money, and will, I think, be amply discharging my promise to my father."
"To be sure it will.
Indeed, to say the truth, I am convinced within myself that your father had no idea of your giving them any money at all.
The assistance he thought of, I dare say, was only such as might be reasonably expected of you; for instance, such as looking out for a comfortable small house for them, helping them to move their things, and sending them presents of fish and game, and so forth, whenever they are in season.
I'll lay my life that he meant nothing farther; indeed, it would be very strange and unreasonable if he did.
Do but consider, my dear Mr. Dashwood, how excessively comfortable your mother-in-law and her daughters may live on the interest of seven thousand pounds, besides the thousand pounds belonging to each of the girls, which brings them in fifty pounds a year a-piece, and, of course, they will pay their mother for their board out of it.
Altogether, they will have five hundred a-year amongst them, and what on earth can four women want for more than that?
They will live so cheap!
Their housekeeping will be nothing at all.
They will have no carriage, no horses, and hardly any servants; they will keep no company, and can have no expenses of any kind!
Only conceive how comfortable they will be!

This is an excess of ingenuousness or of malice you ought to know better than anyone which word best fits the case.”
“Allow me, gentlemen,” said Gavrila Ardalionovitch, who had just examined the contents of the envelope, “there are only a hundred roubles here, not two hundred and fifty.
I point this out, prince, to prevent misunderstanding.”
“Never mind, never mind,” said the prince, signing to him to keep quiet.
“But we do mind,” said Lebedeff’s nephew vehemently.
“Prince, your ‘never mind’ is an insult to us.
We have nothing to hide; our actions can bear daylight.
It is true that there are only a hundred roubles instead of two hundred and fifty, but it is all the same.”
“Why, no, it is hardly the same,” remarked Gavrila Ardalionovitch, with an air of ingenuous surprise.
“Don’t interrupt, we are not such fools as you think, Mr. Lawyer,” cried Lebedeff’s nephew angrily.
“Of course there is a difference between a hundred roubles and two hundred and fifty, but in this case the principle is the main point, and that a hundred and fifty roubles are missing is only a side issue.
The point to be emphasized is that Burdovsky will not accept your highness’s charity; he flings it back in your face, and it scarcely matters if there are a hundred roubles or two hundred and fifty.
Burdovsky has refused ten thousand roubles; you heard him.
He would not have returned even a hundred roubles if he was dishonest!
The hundred and fifty roubles were paid to Tchebaroff for his travelling expenses.

He has a plan to discover our inmost thoughts.
Annette.
What plan can he make to read our minds?
William Tell.
A clever plan to tell a freeman from a slave.
In Altdorf, our capital city, he has set up a pole.
Upon the top of this pole he has put the cap of the Austrian king and has ordered every man to take off his hat as he passes by, to show that he yields to the Austrian rule.
Is not this a brave plan?
He who obeys the tyrant is a slave.
Wouldst thou have thy husband doff his cap to his country's tyrant?
Annette.
Never!

"Why do you want water?"
he asked.
"To wash my face clean after the dust of the road, and to drink, so the dry bread will not stick in my throat."
"It must be inconvenient to be made of flesh," said the Scarecrow thoughtfully, "for you must sleep, and eat and drink.
However, you have brains, and it is worth a lot of bother to be able to think properly."
They left the cottage and walked through the trees until they found a little spring of clear water, where Dorothy drank and bathed and ate her breakfast.
She saw there was not much bread left in the basket, and the girl was thankful the Scarecrow did not have to eat anything, for there was scarcely enough for herself and Toto for the day.
When she had finished her meal, and was about to go back to the road of yellow brick, she was startled to hear a deep groan near by.
"What was that?"
she asked timidly.
"I cannot imagine," replied the Scarecrow; "but we can go and see."
Just then another groan reached their ears, and the sound seemed to come from behind them.

The idea pleased him mightily, and he worked very hard and got all the letters finished by noon, at which hour it was reported to him that there was a small and rather bedraggled weasel at the door, inquiring timidly whether he could be of any service to the gentlemen.
Toad swaggered out and found it was one of the prisoners of the previous evening, very respectful and anxious to please.
He patted him on the head, shoved the bundle of invitations into his paw, and told him to cut along quick and deliver them as fast as he could, and if he liked to come back again in the evening, perhaps there might be a shilling for him, or, again, perhaps there mightn’t; and the poor weasel seemed really quite grateful, and hurried off eagerly to do his mission.
When the other animals came back to luncheon, very boisterous and breezy after a morning on the river, the Mole, whose conscience had been pricking him, looked doubtfully at Toad, expecting to find him sulky or depressed.
Instead, he was so uppish and inflated that the Mole began to suspect something; while the Rat and the Badger exchanged significant glances.
As soon as the meal was over, Toad thrust his paws deep into his trouser-pockets, remarked casually, ‘Well, look after yourselves, you fellows!
Ask for anything you want!’ and was swaggering off in the direction of the garden, where he wanted to think out an idea or two for his coming speeches, when the Rat caught him by the arm.
Toad rather suspected what he was after, and did his best to get away; but when the Badger took him firmly by the other arm he began to see that the game was up.
The two animals conducted him between them into the small smoking-room that opened out of the entrance-hall, shut the door, and put him into a chair.
Then they both stood in front of him, while Toad sat silent and regarded them with much suspicion and ill-humour.
‘Now, look here, Toad,’ said the Rat.
‘It’s about this Banquet, and very sorry I am to have to speak to you like this.

"Oh, no, my dear; I'm really a very good man, but I'm a very bad Wizard, I must admit."
"Can't you give me brains?"
asked the Scarecrow.
"You don't need them.
You are learning something every day.
A baby has brains, but it doesn't know much.
Experience is the only thing that brings knowledge, and the longer you are on earth the more experience you are sure to get."
"That may all be true," said the Scarecrow, "but I shall be very unhappy unless you give me brains."
The false Wizard looked at him carefully.
"Well," he said with a sigh, "I'm not much of a magician, as I said; but if you will come to me tomorrow morning, I will stuff your head with brains.
I cannot tell you how to use them, however; you must find that out for yourself."
"Oh, thank you thank you!"

You have loved yourself; let your old love speak for me!”
The Doctor sat with his face turned away, and his eyes bent on the ground.
At the last words, he stretched out his hand again, hurriedly, and cried:
“Not that, sir!
Let that be!
I adjure you, do not recall that!”
His cry was so like a cry of actual pain, that it rang in Charles Darnay's ears long after he had ceased.
He motioned with the hand he had extended, and it seemed to be an appeal to Darnay to pause.
The latter so received it, and remained silent.
“I ask your pardon,” said the Doctor, in a subdued tone, after some moments.
“I do not doubt your loving Lucie; you may be satisfied of it.”
He turned towards him in his chair, but did not look at him, or raise his eyes.
His chin dropped upon his hand, and his white hair overshadowed his face:
“Have you spoken to Lucie?”
“No.”
“Nor written?”
“Never.”
“It would be ungenerous to affect not to know that your self-denial is to be referred to your consideration for her father.
Her father thanks you.”
He offered his hand; but his eyes did not go with it.
“I know,” said Darnay, respectfully, “how can I fail to know, Doctor Manette, I who have seen you together from day to day, that between you and Miss Manette there is an affection so unusual, so touching, so belonging to the circumstances in which it has been nurtured, that it can have few parallels, even in the tenderness between a father and child.
I know, Doctor Manette how can I fail to know that, mingled with the affection and duty of a daughter who has become a woman, there is, in her heart, towards you, all the love and reliance of infancy itself.

Hitherto I had merely thought myself impeded by the childish simplicity of the little people, and by some unknown forces which I had only to understand to overcome; but there was an altogether new element in the sickening quality of the Morlocks—a something inhuman and malign.
Instinctively I loathed them.
Before, I had felt as a man might feel who had fallen into a pit: my concern was with the pit and how to get out of it.
Now I felt like a beast in a trap, whose enemy would come upon him soon.
“The enemy I dreaded may surprise you.
It was the darkness of the new moon.
Weena had put this into my head by some at first incomprehensible remarks about the Dark Nights.
It was not now such a very difficult problem to guess what the coming Dark Nights might mean.
The moon was on the wane: each night there was a longer interval of darkness.
And I now understood to some slight degree at least the reason of the fear of the little Upperworld people for the dark.
I wondered vaguely what foul villainy it might be that the Morlocks did under the new moon.
I felt pretty sure now that my second hypothesis was all wrong.

But, I confess, it would give me great pleasure to call Colonel Brandon brother.
His property here, his place, his house, every thing is in such respectable and excellent condition!
and his woods!
I have not seen such timber any where in Dorsetshire, as there is now standing in Delaford Hanger!
And though, perhaps, Marianne may not seem exactly the person to attract him yet I think it would altogether be advisable for you to have them now frequently staying with you, for as Colonel Brandon seems a great deal at home, nobody can tell what may happen for, when people are much thrown together, and see little of anybody else and it will always be in your power to set her off to advantage, and so forth; in short, you may as well give her a chance You understand me."
But though Mrs. Ferrars DID come to see them, and always treated them with the make-believe of decent affection, they were never insulted by her real favour and preference.
THAT was due to the folly of Robert, and the cunning of his wife; and it was earned by them before many months had passed away.
The selfish sagacity of the latter, which had at first drawn Robert into the scrape, was the principal instrument of his deliverance from it; for her respectful humility, assiduous attentions, and endless flatteries, as soon as the smallest opening was given for their exercise, reconciled Mrs. Ferrars to his choice, and re-established him completely in her favour.
The whole of Lucy's behaviour in the affair, and the prosperity which crowned it, therefore, may be held forth as a most encouraging instance of what an earnest, an unceasing attention to self-interest, however its progress may be apparently obstructed, will do in securing every advantage of fortune, with no other sacrifice than that of time and conscience.
When Robert first sought her acquaintance, and privately visited her in Bartlett's Buildings, it was only with the view imputed to him by his brother.
He merely meant to persuade her to give up the engagement; and as there could be nothing to overcome but the affection of both, he naturally expected that one or two interviews would settle the matter.
In that point, however, and that only, he erred; for though Lucy soon gave him hopes that his eloquence would convince her in TIME, another visit, another conversation, was always wanted to produce this conviction.

“Come nearer here.”
I took a step nearer.
“Is this here table for my mate Bill?” he asked with a kind of leer.
I told him I did not know his mate Bill, and this was for a person who stayed in our house whom we called the captain.
“Well,” said he, “my mate Bill would be called the captain, as like as not.
He has a cut on one cheek and a mighty pleasant way with him, particularly in drink, has my mate Bill.
We'll put it, for argument like, that your captain has a cut on one cheek and we'll put it, if you like, that that cheek's the right one.
Ah, well!
I told you.
Now, is my mate Bill in this here house?”
I told him he was out walking.
“Which way, sonny?
Which way is he gone?”
And when I had pointed out the rock and told him how the captain was likely to return, and how soon, and answered a few other questions, “Ah,” said he, “this'll be as good as drink to my mate Bill.”
The expression of his face as he said these words was not at all pleasant, and I had my own reasons for thinking that the stranger was mistaken, even supposing he meant what he said.
But it was no affair of mine, I thought; and besides, it was difficult to know what to do.

The dragon had not moved yet but then he might at any moment get warm enough to move, and though George and Jane were now warm they were not comfortable nor easy in their minds.
They tried to explain to the grouse; but though he is polite, he is not clever, and he only said:
"You've got a warm nest, and we'll see that no one takes it from you.
What more can you possibly want?"
Just then came a new, strange, jerky fluttering of wings far softer than the grouse's, and George and Jane cried out together: "Oh, do mind your wings in the fires!"
For they saw at once that it was the great white Arctic moth.
"What's the matter?"
he asked, settling on the dragon's tail.
So they told him.
"Sealskin, are they?"
said the moth.
"Just you wait a minute!"
He flew off very crookedly, dodging the flames, and presently he came back, and there were so many moths with him that it was as if a live sheet of white wingedness were suddenly drawn between the children and the stars.

The parson has preached to-day that whosoever had at home a sick child, a sick husband, a sick wife, a sick father, a sick mother, a sick sister, brother or whoever it might be, and would make a pilgrimage to the Göckerli hill in Italy, where a peck of laurel-leaves costs a kreuzer, the sick child, sick husband, sick wife, sick father, sick mother, sick sister, brother, or whosoever else it was, would be cured immediately, and now I have already got the bag and the kreuzer from the parson, and will at once begin my journey so that thou mayst get well the faster,” and thereupon he went away.
He was, however, hardly gone before the woman got up, and the parson was there directly.
But now we will leave these two for a while, and follow the peasant, who walked on quickly without stopping, in order to get the sooner to the Göckerli hill, and on his way he met his gossip.
His gossip was an egg-merchant, and was just coming from the market, where he had sold his eggs.
“May you be blessed,” said the gossip, “where are you off to so fast?”
“To all eternity, my friend,” said the peasant, “my wife is ill, and I have been to-day to hear the parson’s sermon, and he preached that if any one had in his house a sick child, a sick husband, a sick wife, a sick father, a sick mother, a sick sister, brother or any one else, and made a pilgrimage to the Göckerli hill in Italy, where a peck of laurel-leaves costs a kreuzer, the sick child, the sick husband, the sick wife, the sick father, the sick mother, the sick sister, brother or whosoever else it was, would be cured immediately, and so I have got the bag for the laurel-leaves and the kreuzer from the parson, and now I am beginning my pilgrimage.” “But listen, gossip,” said the egg-merchant to the peasant, “are you, then, stupid enough to believe such a thing as that?
Don’t you know what it means?
The parson wants to spend a whole day alone with your wife in peace, so he has given you this job to do to get you out of the way.”
“My word!” said the peasant.
“How I’d like to know if that’s true!”
“Come, then,” said the gossip, “I’ll tell you what to do.
Get into my egg-basket and I will carry you home, and then you will see for yourself.” So that was settled, and the gossip put the peasant into his egg-basket and carried him home.
When they got to the house, hurrah!
but all was going merry there!
The woman had already had nearly everything killed that was in the farmyard, and had made pancakes, and the parson was there, and had brought his fiddle with him.

But King Minos, who reigned over Crete, laid out a vast deal of money in building a habitation for the Minotaur, and took great care of his health and comfort, merely for mischief's sake.
A few years before this time, there had been a war between the city of Athens and the island of Crete, in which the Athenians were beaten, and compelled to beg for peace.
No peace could they obtain, however, except on condition that they should send seven young men and seven maidens, every year, to be devoured by the pet monster of the cruel King Minos.
For three years past, this grievous calamity had been borne.
And the sobs, and groans, and shrieks, with which the city was now filled, were caused by the people's woe, because the fatal day had come again, when the fourteen victims were to be chosen by lot; and the old people feared lest their sons or daughters might be taken, and the youths and damsels dreaded lest they themselves might be destined to glut the ravenous maw of that detestable man-brute.
But when Theseus heard the story, he straightened himself up, so that he seemed taller than ever before; and as for his face it was indignant, despiteful, bold, tender, and compassionate, all in one look.
"Let the people of Athens this year draw lots for only six young men, instead of seven," said he, "I will myself be the seventh; and let the Minotaur devour me if he can!"
"O my dear son," cried King Aegeus, "why should you expose yourself to this horrible fate?
You are a royal prince, and have a right to hold yourself above the destinies of common men."
"It is because I am a prince, your son, and the rightful heir of your kingdom, that I freely take upon me the calamity of your subjects,"
answered Theseus, "And you, my father, being king over these people, and answerable to Heaven for their welfare, are bound to sacrifice what is dearest to you, rather than that the son or daughter of the poorest citizen should come to any harm."
The old king shed tears, and besought Theseus not to leave him desolate in his old age, more especially as he had but just begun to know the happiness of possessing a good and valiant son.
Theseus, however, felt that he was in the right, and therefore would not give up his resolution.

And there came a time when it was to Florence, and Florence only, that Mr. Dombey turned.
For the great house of Dombey and Son fell, and in the crash its proud head became a ruined man, ruined beyond recovery.
Bankrupt in purse, his personal pride was yet further humbled.
For Mr.
Dombey had married again, a loveless match, and his wife deserted him.
In the hour when he discovered that desertion he had driven his daughter Florence from the house.
He was fallen now never to be raised up any more.
For the night of his worldly ruin there was no to-morrow's sun, for the stain of his domestic shame there was no purification.
In his pride for he was proud yet he let the world go from him freely.
As it fell away, he shook it off.
He knew, now, what it was to be rejected and deserted.
Dombey and Son was no more his children no more.
His daughter Florence had married married a young sailor once a boy in the office of Dombey and Son and thinking of her, Dombey, in the solitude of his dismantled home, remembered that she had never changed to him through all those years; and the mist through which he had seen her, cleared, and showed him her true self.

Wherefore, it seems to me you had best not be too fastidious in your curiosity touching this Leviathan.
CHAPTER 56.
Of the Less Erroneous Pictures of Whales, and the True Pictures of Whaling Scenes.
In connexion with the monstrous pictures of whales, I am strongly tempted here to enter upon those still more monstrous stories of them which are to be found in certain books, both ancient and modern, especially in Pliny, Purchas, Hackluyt, Harris, Cuvier, etc.
But I pass that matter by.
I know of only four published outlines of the great Sperm Whale; Colnett’s, Huggins’s, Frederick Cuvier’s, and Beale’s.
In the previous chapter Colnett and Cuvier have been referred to.
Huggins’s is far better than theirs; but, by great odds, Beale’s is the best.
All Beale’s drawings of this whale are good, excepting the middle figure in the picture of three whales in various attitudes, capping his second chapter.
His frontispiece, boats attacking Sperm Whales, though no doubt calculated to excite the civil scepticism of some parlor men, is admirably correct and life-like in its general effect.
Some of the Sperm Whale drawings in J. Ross Browne are pretty correct in contour; but they are wretchedly engraved.
That is not his fault though.

The line had been running hardly a year then, and scores of Chinese were being trained to take the place of high-class European laborers—such as engine drivers.
According to the harassed official, all the Chinese were willing workers, exceedingly adaptable and absolutely fearless.
They learned the practical side of their job far quicker than a white man would, but they had no notion of what danger was so far as the engine they were entrusted with was concerned.
They knew, for instance, that they could obtain a certain speed which they could judge by a certain instrument with an arrow, the figures of which they could not, of course, read.
They also knew that they were not allowed to let the arrow go further on the dial than a given point.
But at the beginning they could not see the difference between a straight railway track and a curved one.
In consequence, they would never slow up at a sharp curve.
When the engine happened to be running at sixty miles per hour—off the track she would go with disastrous results.
If by any chance the Chinese engine driver escaped without injury, he had learned his lesson and would not make the same mistake twice.
But a lot of them were killed.
Furthermore, the engines were invariably smashed.
It was very costly to the company.

you suspected, perhaps, that I sent for you to come here in order to catch you in a trap, so that they should find us here together, and make you marry me ”
“Aglaya Ivanovna, aren’t you ashamed of saying such a thing?
How could such a horrible idea enter your sweet, innocent heart?
I am certain you don’t believe a word of what you say, and probably you don’t even know what you are talking about.”
Aglaya sat with her eyes on the ground; she seemed to have alarmed even herself by what she had said.
“No, I’m not; I’m not a bit ashamed!” she murmured.
“And how do you know my heart is innocent?
And how dared you send me a love-letter that time?”
“Love-letter?
My letter a love-letter?
That letter was the most respectful of letters; it went straight from my heart, at what was perhaps the most painful moment of my life!
I thought of you at the time as a kind of light.
I ”
“Well, very well, very well!” she said, but quite in a different tone.
She was remorseful now, and bent forward to touch his shoulder, though still trying not to look him in the face, as if the more persuasively to beg him not to be angry with her.
“Very well,” she continued, looking thoroughly ashamed of herself, “I feel that I said a very foolish thing.

It’s too long a story to tell over greasy plates.” And ringing the bell in passing, he led the way into the adjoining room.
“You have told Blank, and Dash, and Chose about the machine?” he said to me, leaning back in his easy-chair and naming the three new guests.
“But the thing’s a mere paradox,” said the Editor.
“I can’t argue tonight.
I don’t mind telling you the story, but I can’t argue.
I will,” he went on, “tell you the story of what has happened to me, if you like, but you must refrain from interruptions.
I want to tell it.
Badly.
Most of it will sound like lying.
So be it!
It’s true—every word of it, all the same.
I was in my laboratory at four o’clock, and since then … I’ve lived eight days … such days as no human being ever lived before!

"All right," said Loki, "I will get you something better than the hair."
ground        thumb           beads           dwarfs        crooked         crown                         worked 
Loki went down, down into the ground to the home of the dwarfs.
It was very dark down there.
The only light came from the dwarfs' fires.
The dwarfs were ugly little black men.
They were not any bigger than your thumb.
They had crooked backs and crooked legs.
Their eyes looked like black beads.
Loki said, "Can you make me a gold crown that will grow like real hair?"
The dwarfs said, "Yes, we can."
So the busy little dwarfs worked all night.
morning       showed          laughed           spear         wonderful       three           ship          standing        brother           nobody        stepped         else 
When morning came the dwarfs gave Loki his crown of golden hair.

She was quite right, the comfortable wonderful mother creature—and she had never been more so than when she said their “play actin’” would be their joy.
Colin and Mary found it one of their most thrilling sources of entertainment.
The idea of protecting themselves from suspicion had been unconsciously suggested to them first by the puzzled nurse and then by Dr. Craven himself.
“Your appetite.
Is improving very much, Master Colin,” the nurse had said one day.
“You used to eat nothing, and so many things disagreed with you.”
“Nothing disagrees with me now” replied Colin, and then seeing the nurse looking at him curiously he suddenly remembered that perhaps he ought not to appear too well just yet.
“At least things don’t so often disagree with me.
It’s the fresh air.”
“Perhaps it is,” said the nurse, still looking at him with a mystified expression.
“But I must talk to Dr. Craven about it.”
“How she stared at you!” said Mary when she went away.
“As if she thought there must be something to find out.”
“I won’t have her finding out things,” said Colin.
“No one must begin to find out yet.”
When Dr. Craven came that morning he seemed puzzled, also.
He asked a number of questions, to Colin’s great annoyance.

I went yesterday to the opera, but Punch did not act, because a wolf ate him up.
I, my dear, go to a dance every day.
That's very amusing.
Yes, I wear a blue dress and I dance with all the young people, the very nicest, generals, princes, confectioners.
You are as pretty as heart could wish to-day, little one.
It's the springtime.
Yes, but too bad it snows.
I like the snow, because it's so white.
Oh, but this is black snow.
Yes, isn't it a horrid kind?"
This fine conversation Miss Catherine maintains with much skill.
I have only one fault to find with it: she talks always to the same caller, who is pretty and has a pretty dress.

They dined like lords; they filled their bellies like Indian ships all day loading with spices.
Such portentous appetites had Queequeg and Tashtego, that to fill out the vacancies made by the previous repast, often the pale Dough-Boy was fain to bring on a great baron of salt-junk, seemingly quarried out of the solid ox.
And if he were not lively about it, if he did not go with a nimble hop-skip-and-jump, then Tashtego had an ungentlemanly way of accelerating him by darting a fork at his back, harpoon-wise.
And once Daggoo, seized with a sudden humor, assisted Dough-Boy’s memory by snatching him up bodily, and thrusting his head into a great empty wooden trencher, while Tashtego, knife in hand, began laying out the circle preliminary to scalping him.
He was naturally a very nervous, shuddering sort of little fellow, this bread-faced steward; the progeny of a bankrupt baker and a hospital nurse.
And what with the standing spectacle of the black terrific Ahab, and the periodical tumultuous visitations of these three savages, Dough-Boy’s whole life was one continual lip-quiver.
Commonly, after seeing the harpooneers furnished with all things they demanded, he would escape from their clutches into his little pantry adjoining, and fearfully peep out at them through the blinds of its door, till all was over.
It was a sight to see Queequeg seated over against Tashtego, opposing his filed teeth to the Indian’s: crosswise to them, Daggoo seated on the floor, for a bench would have brought his hearse-plumed head to the low carlines; at every motion of his colossal limbs, making the low cabin framework to shake, as when an African elephant goes passenger in a ship.
But for all this, the great negro was wonderfully abstemious, not to say dainty.
It seemed hardly possible that by such comparatively small mouthfuls he could keep up the vitality diffused through so broad, baronial, and superb a person.
But, doubtless, this noble savage fed strong and drank deep of the abounding element of air; and through his dilated nostrils snuffed in the sublime life of the worlds.
Not by beef or by bread, are giants made or nourished.

She had not heart enough even to make herself pretty as usual by putting on a blue neck ribbon and dressing her hair in the most becoming way.
"Where's the use of looking nice, when no one sees me but those cross midgets, and no one cares whether I'm pretty or not?"
she muttered, shutting her drawer with a jerk.
"I shall have to toil and moil all my days, with only little bits of fun now and then, and get old and ugly and sour, because I'm poor and can't enjoy my life as other girls do.
It's a shame!"
So Meg went down, wearing an injured look, and wasn't at all agreeable at breakfast time.
Everyone seemed rather out of sorts and inclined to croak.
Beth had a headache and lay on the sofa, trying to comfort herself with the cat and three kittens.
Amy was fretting because her lessons were not learned, and she couldn't find her rubbers.
Jo would whistle and make a great racket getting ready.
Mrs. March was very busy trying to finish a letter, which must go at once, and Hannah had the grumps, for being up late didn't suit her.
"There never was such a cross family!"

“What a beautiful land!
I have never been there, but I can well imagine it.”
“Why don’t you come, too?”
“It is useless for you to tempt me!
I told you I promised my good Fairy to behave myself, and I am going to keep my word.”
“Good-by, then, and remember me to the grammar schools, to the high schools, and even to the colleges if you meet them on the way.”
“Good-by, Lamp-Wick.
Have a pleasant trip, enjoy yourself, and remember your friends once in a while.”
With these words, the Marionette started on his way home.
Turning once more to his friend, he asked him:
“But are you sure that, in that country, each week is composed of six Saturdays and one Sunday?”
“Very sure!”
“And that vacation begins on the first of January and ends on the thirty-first of December?”
“Very, very sure!”
“What a great country!” repeated Pinocchio, puzzled as to what to do.
Then, in sudden determination, he said hurriedly:
“Good-by for the last time, and good luck.”
“Good-by.”
“How soon will you go?”
“Within two hours.”
“What a pity!
If it were only one hour, I might wait for you.”
“And the Fairy?”
“By this time I’m late, and one hour more or less makes very little difference.”
“Poor Pinocchio!
And if the Fairy scolds you?”
“Oh, I’ll let her scold.
After she gets tired, she will stop.”
In the meantime, the night became darker and darker.
All at once in the distance a small light flickered.
A queer sound could be heard, soft as a little bell, and faint and muffled like the buzz of a far-away mosquito.
“There it is!” cried Lamp-Wick, jumping to his feet.

“How plump, how beautiful she is!
She must have been fed on nut-kernels,” said the old female robber, who had a long, scrubby beard, and bushy eyebrows that hung down over her eyes.
“She is as good as a fatted lamb!
How nice she will be!” And then she drew out a knife, the blade of which shone so that it was quite dreadful to behold.
“Oh!” cried the woman at the same moment.
She had been bitten in the ear by her own little daughter, who hung at her back; and who was so wild and unmanageable, that it was quite amusing to see her.
“You naughty child!” said the mother: and now she had not time to kill Gerda.
“She shall play with me,” said the little robber child.
“She shall give me her muff, and her pretty frock; she shall sleep in my bed!” And then she gave her mother another bite, so that she jumped, and ran round with the pain; and the Robbers laughed, and said, “Look, how she is dancing with the little one!”
“I will go into the carriage,” said the little robber maiden; and she would have her will, for she was very spoiled and very headstrong.
She and Gerda got in; and then away they drove over the stumps of felled trees, deeper and deeper into the woods.
The little robber maiden was as tall as Gerda, but stronger, broader-shouldered, and of dark complexion; her eyes were quite black; they looked almost melancholy.
She embraced little Gerda, and said, “They shall not kill you as long as I am not displeased with you.

You will help me to see him if you can?”
“Your husband is not my business here,” returned Madame Defarge, looking down at her with perfect composure.
“It is the daughter of your father who is my business here.”
“For my sake, then, be merciful to my husband.
For my child's sake!
She will put her hands together and pray you to be merciful.
We are more afraid of you than of these others.”
Madame Defarge received it as a compliment, and looked at her husband.
Defarge, who had been uneasily biting his thumb-nail and looking at her, collected his face into a sterner expression.
“What is it that your husband says in that little letter?” asked Madame Defarge, with a lowering smile.
“Influence; he says something touching influence?”
“That my father,” said Lucie, hurriedly taking the paper from her breast, but with her alarmed eyes on her questioner and not on it, “has much influence around him.”
“Surely it will release him!” said Madame Defarge.
“Let it do so.”
“As a wife and mother,” cried Lucie, most earnestly, “I implore you to have pity on me and not to exercise any power that you possess, against my innocent husband, but to use it in his behalf.
O sister-woman, think of me.
As a wife and mother!”
Madame Defarge looked, coldly as ever, at the suppliant, and said, turning to her friend The Vengeance:
“The wives and mothers we have been used to see, since we were as little as this child, and much less, have not been greatly considered?
We have known their husbands and fathers laid in prison and kept from them, often enough?

She only knew that people were ill and that she heard mysterious and frightening sounds.
Once she crept into the dining-room and found it empty, though a partly finished meal was on the table and chairs and plates looked as if they had been hastily pushed back when the diners rose suddenly for some reason.
The child ate some fruit and biscuits, and being thirsty she drank a glass of wine which stood nearly filled.
It was sweet, and she did not know how strong it was.
Very soon it made her intensely drowsy, and she went back to her nursery and shut herself in again, frightened by cries she heard in the huts and by the hurrying sound of feet.
The wine made her so sleepy that she could scarcely keep her eyes open and she lay down on her bed and knew nothing more for a long time.
Many things happened during the hours in which she slept so heavily, but she was not disturbed by the wails and the sound of things being carried in and out of the bungalow.
When she awakened she lay and stared at the wall.
The house was perfectly still.
She had never known it to be so silent before.
She heard neither voices nor footsteps, and wondered if everybody had got well of the cholera and all the trouble was over.
She wondered also who would take care of her now her Ayah was dead.

A detachment of the engineer corps arrived, armed with pick and cutlass, and marched in good order to the assault.
A breach was soon opened, and the distribution began.
The King smiled at the opening in the tart; though vast, it hardly showed more than a mouse hole in the monstrous wall.
The King stroked his beard grandly.
"All goes well," said he, "for him who knows how to wait."
Who can tell how long the feast would have lasted if the King had not given his command that it should cease?
Once more they expressed their gratitude with cries so stifled that they resembled grunts, and then rushed to the river.
Never had a nation been so besmeared.
Some were daubed to the eyes, others had their ears and hair all sticky.
As for the little ones, they were marmalade from head to foot.
When they had finished their toilets, the river ran all red and yellow and was sweetened for several hours, to the great surprise of all the fishes.
Before returning home, the people presented themselves before the King to receive his commands.

She looked on Smith with new eyes.
"But surely all this," she said one morning, after he had come to the end of the story of a highly delicate piece of interviewing work in connection with some Cumberland Mountains feudists, "surely all this "
She looked round the room.
"Domesticity?"
suggested Smith.
"Yes," said Betty.
"Surely it all seems rather tame to you?"
Smith sighed.
"Comrade Brown," he said, "you have touched the spot with an unerring finger."
Since Mr. Renshaw's departure, the flatness of life had come home to Smith with renewed emphasis.
Before, there had always been the quiet entertainment of watching the editor at work, but now he was feeling restless.
Like John at Mervo, he was practically nothing but an ornament.
Peaceful Moments, like Mervo, had been set rolling and had continued to roll on almost automatically.

You can't think how much I longed to see you!
It is so delightful that you should live at the cottage!
Nothing can be like it, to be sure!
And I am so glad your sister is going to be well married!
I hope you will be a great deal at Combe Magna.
It is a sweet place, by all accounts."
"You have been long acquainted with Colonel Brandon, have not you?"
"Yes, a great while; ever since my sister married.
He was a particular friend of Sir John's.
I believe," she added in a low voice, "he would have been very glad to have had me, if he could.
Sir John and Lady Middleton wished it very much.
But mama did not think the match good enough for me, otherwise Sir John would have mentioned it to the Colonel, and we should have been married immediately."

He isn't old, nor anything bad, but good and kind, and the best friend I've got, next to you.
Pray, don't fly into a passion.
I want to be kind, but I know I shall get angry if you abuse my Professor.
I haven't the least idea of loving him or anybody else."
"But you will after a while, and then what will become of me?"
"You'll love someone else too, like a sensible boy, and forget all this trouble."
"I can't love anyone else, and I'll never forget you, Jo, Never!
Never!"
with a stamp to emphasize his passionate words.
"What shall I do with him?"
sighed Jo, finding that emotions were more unmanagable than she expected.
"You haven't heard what I wanted to tell you.

There was a late look in the light, a late sense in the atmosphere.
He was startled.
Why had he not been called persecuted till he was up, as usual?
The thought filled him with bodings.
Within five minutes he was dressed and down-stairs, feeling sore and drowsy.
The family were still at table, but they had finished breakfast.
There was no voice of rebuke; but there were averted eyes; there was a silence and an air of solemnity that struck a chill to the culprit's heart.
He sat down and tried to seem gay, but it was up-hill work; it roused no smile, no response, and he lapsed into silence and let his heart sink down to the depths.
After breakfast his aunt took him aside, and Tom almost brightened in the hope that he was going to be flogged; but it was not so.
His aunt wept over him and asked him how he could go and break her old heart so; and finally told him to go on, and ruin himself and bring her gray hairs with sorrow to the grave, for it was no use for her to try any more.
This was worse than a thousand whippings, and Tom's heart was sorer now than his body.
He cried, he pleaded for forgiveness, promised to reform over and over again, and then received his dismissal, feeling that he had won but an imperfect forgiveness and established but a feeble confidence.

A respected, eminent old man of seventy; and exactly point for point as she described it; a sum of money, a considerable sum of government money, missing!”
“Why, how could she ”
“What, know of it?
Ha, ha, ha!
Why, there was a whole crowd round her the moment she appeared on the scenes here.
You know what sort of people surround her nowadays, and solicit the honour of her ‘acquaintance.’
Of course she might easily have heard the news from someone coming from town.
All Petersburg, if not all Pavlofsk, knows it by now.
Look at the slyness of her observation about Evgenie’s uniform!
I mean, her remark that he had retired just in time!
There’s a venomous hint for you, if you like!
No, no!
there’s no insanity there!
Of course I refuse to believe that Evgenie Pavlovitch could have known beforehand of the catastrophe; that is, that at such and such a day at seven o’clock, and all that; but he might well have had a presentiment of the truth.
And I all of us Prince S. and everybody, believed that he was to inherit a large fortune from this uncle.

“I almost feel as if—I were alive!”
I do not know enough about the wonderfulness of undiscovered things to be able to explain how this had happened to him.
Neither does anyone else yet.
He did not understand at all himself—but he remembered this strange hour months afterward when he was at Misselthwaite again and he found out quite by accident that on this very day Colin had cried out as he went into the secret garden:
“I am going to live forever and ever and ever!”
The singular calmness remained with him the rest of the evening and he slept a new reposeful sleep; but it was not with him very long.
He did not know that it could be kept.
By the next night he had opened the doors wide to his dark thoughts and they had come trooping and rushing back.
He left the valley and went on his wandering way again.
But, strange as it seemed to him, there were minutes—sometimes half-hours—when, without his knowing why, the black burden seemed to lift itself again and he knew he was a living man and not a dead one.
Slowly—slowly—for no reason that he knew of—he was “coming alive” with the garden.
As the golden summer changed into the deep golden autumn he went to the Lake of Como.
There he found the loveliness of a dream.
He spent his days upon the crystal blueness of the lake or he walked back into the soft thick verdure of the hills and tramped until he was tired so that he might sleep.
But by this time he had begun to sleep better, he knew, and his dreams had ceased to be a terror to him.

"I will open it also to Vertumnus if he is still willing to share my orchard and my work."
As Pomona spoke, the old woman rose and her gray hair turned to the dark locks of Vertumnus.
Her wrinkles faded in the glow of his sunburned cheeks.
Her travel stained garments were replaced by Vertumnus' russet gardening smock and her staff to his pruning fork.
He seemed to Pomona like the sun bursting through a cloud.
She had never really seen him before, having never looked at anyone except with the eyes of selfishness.
Vertumnus and Pomona began the harvesting together, and they opened the gate wide to let in those who had need of sharing their plenty.
Then the fauns danced in and made merry to the tunes that Pan played.
The dryads found new homes for themselves in the trunks of the trees, and the seasons gave rain and sunshine in greater abundance than ever before as these two pruned, and trimmed, and grafted the trees and vines together.
Achelous, the river god, took his way past the orchard kingdom of Pomona and Vertumnus and brought with him Plenty who was able to fill her horn with gifts of fruit for all, apples, pears, grapes, oranges, plums, and citrons until it overflowed.
Ever since the October when Pomona opened her gate and shared her apples, an orchard has been a place of beauty, bounty, and play.
HOW PSYCHE REACHED MOUNT OLYMPUS.

And for the moment Jo forgot remorse in surprise.
"I've been trying to cure it for forty years, and have only succeeded in controlling it.
I am angry nearly every day of my life, Jo, but I have learned not to show it, and I still hope to learn not to feel it, though it may take me another forty years to do so."
The patience and the humility of the face she loved so well was a better lesson to Jo than the wisest lecture, the sharpest reproof.
She felt comforted at once by the sympathy and confidence given her.
The knowledge that her mother had a fault like hers, and tried to mend it, made her own easier to bear and strengthened her resolution to cure it, though forty years seemed rather a long time to watch and pray to a girl of fifteen.
"Mother, are you angry when you fold your lips tight together and go out of the room sometimes, when Aunt March scolds or people worry you?"
asked Jo, feeling nearer and dearer to her mother than ever before.
"Yes, I've learned to check the hasty words that rise to my lips, and when I feel that they mean to break out against my will, I just go away for a minute, and give myself a little shake for being so weak and wicked," answered Mrs. March with a sigh and a smile, as she smoothed and fastened up Jo's disheveled hair.
"How did you learn to keep still?
That is what troubles me, for the sharp words fly out before I know what I'm about, and the more I say the worse I get, till it's a pleasure to hurt people's feelings and say dreadful things.
Tell me how you do it, Marmee dear."

* A Danish mile is nearly 4 3/4 English.
In a few seconds the watchman had done the fifty-two thousand of our miles up to the moon, which, as everyone knows, was formed out of matter much lighter than our earth; and is, so we should say, as soft as newly-fallen snow.
He found himself on one of the many circumjacent mountain-ridges with which we are acquainted by means of Dr. Madler's “Map of the Moon.” Within, down it sunk perpendicularly into a caldron, about a Danish mile in depth; while below lay a town, whose appearance we can, in some measure, realize to ourselves by beating the white of an egg in a glass of water.
The matter of which it was built was just as soft, and formed similar towers, and domes, and pillars, transparent and rocking in the thin air; while above his head our earth was rolling like a large fiery ball.
He perceived immediately a quantity of beings who were certainly what we call “men”; yet they looked different to us.
A far more correct imagination than that of the pseudo-Herschel* had created them; and if they had been placed in rank and file, and copied by some skilful painter's hand, one would, without doubt, have exclaimed involuntarily, “What a beautiful arabesque!”
*This relates to a book published some years ago in Germany, and said to be by Herschel, which contained a description of the moon and its inhabitants, written with such a semblance of truth that many were deceived by the imposture.
Probably a translation of the celebrated Moon hoax, written by Richard A. Locke, and originally published in New York.
They had a language too; but surely nobody can expect that the soul of the watchman should understand it.
Be that as it may, it did comprehend it; for in our souls there germinate far greater powers than we poor mortals, despite all our cleverness, have any notion of.
Does she not show us she the queen in the land of enchantment her astounding dramatic talent in all our dreams?
There every acquaintance appears and speaks upon the stage, so entirely in character, and with the same tone of voice, that none of us, when awake, were able to imitate it.
How well can she recall persons to our mind, of whom we have not thought for years; when suddenly they step forth “every inch a man,” resembling the real personages, even to the finest features, and become the heroes or heroines of our world of dreams.

“'If it had been otherwise;'” Carton's hand was again watchfully and softly stealing down; “'I never should have used the longer opportunity.
If it had been otherwise;'” the hand was at the prisoner's face; “'I should but have had so much the more to answer for.
If it had been otherwise '” Carton looked at the pen and saw it was trailing off into unintelligible signs.
Carton's hand moved back to his breast no more.
The prisoner sprang up with a reproachful look, but Carton's hand was close and firm at his nostrils, and Carton's left arm caught him round the waist.
For a few seconds he faintly struggled with the man who had come to lay down his life for him; but, within a minute or so, he was stretched insensible on the ground.
Quickly, but with hands as true to the purpose as his heart was, Carton dressed himself in the clothes the prisoner had laid aside, combed back his hair, and tied it with the ribbon the prisoner had worn.
Then, he softly called, “Enter there!
Come in!” and the Spy presented himself.
“You see?” said Carton, looking up, as he kneeled on one knee beside the insensible figure, putting the paper in the breast: “is your hazard very great?”
“Mr.
Carton,” the Spy answered, with a timid snap of his fingers, “my hazard is not that, in the thick of business here, if you are true to the whole of your bargain.”
“Don't fear me.
I will be true to the death.”
“You must be, Mr. Carton, if the tale of fifty-two is to be right.

"I have set everything to rights," she said, "and so it must stay.
Now, will you go with the Pig Brother, or will you come back with me, and be a tidy child?"
"With you, with you!"
cried the child; and he clung to the Angel's dress.
The Pig Brother grunted.
"Small loss!"
he said.
"There will be all the more wash for me!"
and he trotted on.
THE GOLDEN WINDOWS 
All day long the little boy worked hard, in field and barn and shed, for his people were poor farmers, and could not pay a workman; but at sunset there came an hour that was all his own, for his father had given it to him.
Then the boy would go up to the top of a hill and look across at another hill that rose some miles away.
On this far hill stood a house with windows of clear gold and diamonds.

he said.
"Run!"
And just as the Hawk swooped down toward the ground, he saw nine white-tipped tails disappear into a burrow near by.
THE LITTLE BAT WHO WOULDN'T GO TO BED 
"Come," said Mamma Bat, flying toward her home in the cave, "it is time that you children went to bed.
The eastern sky is growing bright, and I can see the fleecy clouds blush rosy red as the sun looks at them."
The little Bats flitted along after her, and Papa Bat came behind them.
They had been flying through the starlit forest all night, chasing the many small insects that come out after the sun has gone down, and passing in and out of the tangled branches without ever touching one.
Indeed, Mamma Bat would have been ashamed if children of hers flew against anything in the dark.
There might be some excuse for such a mistake in the daytime, for Bats' eyes do not see well then, but in the night-time!
She would have scolded them well, and they would have deserved it, for Bats have the most wonderful way of feeling things before they touch them, and there are no other people in the forest who can do that.
There are no other people who can tell by the feeling of the air when something is near, and the Bats made much fun of their friend, the Screech Owl, once, when he flew against a tree and fell to the ground.
And now the night was over and their mother had called them to go home.

she offered to forgive the past, if I would marry Eliza.
That could not be and I was formally dismissed from her favour and her house.
The night following this affair I was to go the next morning was spent by me in deliberating on what my future conduct should be.
The struggle was great but it ended too soon.
My affection for Marianne, my thorough conviction of her attachment to me it was all insufficient to outweigh that dread of poverty, or get the better of those false ideas of the necessity of riches, which I was naturally inclined to feel, and expensive society had increased.
I had reason to believe myself secure of my present wife, if I chose to address her, and I persuaded myself to think that nothing else in common prudence remained for me to do.
A heavy scene however awaited me, before I could leave Devonshire; I was engaged to dine with you on that very day; some apology was therefore necessary for my breaking this engagement.
But whether I should write this apology, or deliver it in person, was a point of long debate.
To see Marianne, I felt, would be dreadful, and I even doubted whether I could see her again, and keep to my resolution.
In that point, however, I undervalued my own magnanimity, as the event declared; for I went, I saw her, and saw her miserable, and left her miserable and left her hoping never to see her again."
"Why did you call, Mr.
Willoughby?"

"But, Betty, you mustn't go there any more.
You must quit.
You "
"If Peaceful Moments would reengage me?"
said Betty.
She spoke lightly, but her face was serious.
"Dear," she said quickly, "I can't be away from you now, while there's danger.
I couldn't bear it.
Will you let me come?"
He hesitated.
"You will.
You must."
Her manner changed again.

If her Aunt Eliza had been slow to learn and quick to forget a thing entirely when she had learned it, Ermengarde was strikingly like her.
She was the monumental dunce of the school, and it could not be denied.
"She must be MADE to learn," her father said to Miss Minchin.
Consequently Ermengarde spent the greater part of her life in disgrace or in tears.
She learned things and forgot them; or, if she remembered them, she did not understand them.
So it was natural that, having made Sara's acquaintance, she should sit and stare at her with profound admiration.
"You can speak French, can't you?"
she said respectfully.
Sara got on to the window-seat, which was a big, deep one, and, tucking up her feet, sat with her hands clasped round her knees.
"I can speak it because I have heard it all my life," she answered.
"You could speak it if you had always heard it."
"Oh, no, I couldn't," said Ermengarde.

Soon after he said this, the King died, as suddenly and quietly as the Queen had done, and Prince Dolor was left without either father or mother as sad a thing as could happen, even to a Prince.
He was more than that now, though.
He was a king.
In Nomansland as in other countries, the people were struck with grief one day and revived the next.
"The king is dead long live the king!"
was the cry that rang through the nation, and almost before his late Majesty had been laid beside the queen, crowds came thronging from all parts to the royal palace, eager to see the new monarch.
They did see him sitting on the floor of the council-chamber, sucking his thumb!
And when one of the gentlemen-in-waiting lifted him up and carried him to the chair of state, and put the crown on his head, he shook it off again, it was so heavy and uncomfortable.
Sliding down to the foot of the throne, he began playing with the gold lions that supported it; laughing as if he had at last found something to amuse him.
"It is very unfortunate," said one of the lords.
"It is always bad for a nation when its king is a child; but such a child a permanent cripple, if not worse."
"Let us hope not worse," said another lord in a very hopeless tone, and looking towards the Regent, who stood erect and pretended to hear nothing.

Not every society man would have worn crape for “such an uncle.” Lizabetha Prokofievna had liked it also, but was too preoccupied to take much notice.
The prince remarked that Aglaya looked attentively at him two or three times, and seemed to be satisfied with his behaviour.
Little by little he became very happy indeed.
All his late anxieties and apprehensions (after his conversation with Lebedeff) now appeared like so many bad dreams impossible, and even laughable.
He did not speak much, only answering such questions as were put to him, and gradually settled down into unbroken silence, listening to what went on, and steeped in perfect satisfaction and contentment.
Little by little a sort of inspiration, however, began to stir within him, ready to spring into life at the right moment.
When he did begin to speak, it was accidentally, in response to a question, and apparently without any special object.
VII.
While he feasted his eyes upon Aglaya, as she talked merrily with Evgenie and Prince N., suddenly the old anglomaniac, who was talking to the dignitary in another corner of the room, apparently telling him a story about something or other suddenly this gentleman pronounced the name of “Nicolai Andreevitch Pavlicheff” aloud.
The prince quickly turned towards him, and listened.
The conversation had been on the subject of land, and the present disorders, and there must have been something amusing said, for the old man had begun to laugh at his companion’s heated expressions.
The latter was describing in eloquent words how, in consequence of recent legislation, he was obliged to sell a beautiful estate in the N.
province, not because he wanted ready money in fact, he was obliged to sell it at half its value.

No!
I had better go on to the streets, or accept Rogojin, or become a washerwoman or something for I have nothing of my own, you know.
I shall go away and leave everything behind, to the last rag he shall have it all back.
And who would take me without anything?
Ask Gania, there, whether he would.
Why, even Ferdishenko wouldn’t have me!”
“No, Ferdishenko would not; he is a candid fellow, Nastasia Philipovna,”
 said that worthy.
“But the prince would.
You sit here making complaints, but just look at the prince.
I’ve been observing him for a long while.”
Nastasia Philipovna looked keenly round at the prince.
“Is that true?” she asked.
“Quite true,” whispered the prince.
“You’ll take me as I am, with nothing?”
“I will, Nastasia Philipovna.”
“Here’s a pretty business!” cried the general.

"It is agreed," she said.
"Political alliance, frank and loyal?"
asked Henry.
"Frank and loyal," was the answer.
At the door Henry turned and said softly, "Thanks, Marguerite; thanks!
You are a true daughter of France.
Lacking your love, your friendship will not fail me.
I rely on you, as you, for your part, may rely on me.
Adieu, madame."
He kissed his wife's hand; and then, with a quick step, the king went down the corridor to his own apartment.
"I have more need of fidelity in politics than in love," he said to himself.
If on both sides there was little attempt at fidelity in love, there was an honourable alliance, which was maintained unbroken and saved the life of Henry of Navarre from his enemies on more than one occasion.

Seated in a room, with the door fastened on the outside, the two travellers bemoaned their fate.
"It is no good groaning," said the vizier's son.
"I will climb to the window, and see whether there are any means of escape.
Yes!
yes!"
he whispered, when he had reached the window-hole.
"Below there is a ditch surrounded by a high wall.
I will jump down and reconnoitre.
You stay here, and wait till I return."
Presently he came back and told the prince that he had seen a most ugly woman, whom he supposed was the robbers' housekeeper.
She had agreed to release them on the promise of her marriage with the prince.
So the woman led the way out of the enclosure by a secret door.

"I haven't but one," said the dwarf.
"And that I stole."
"Really stole it?
but stealing is wicked, don't you know that?
can dwarfs do it?
Mans can't, unless they are bad.
Are dwarfs like mans at all much, Mark?"
"Not much, Snow-white.
But, after all, I did not steal my treasure, I only found it."
The child was greatly relieved.
That made it all right, she assured him.
Always everybody could keep the things they found, though of course the wicked fairies and dragons tried to get the treasure away.

Then the three spinners took their leave, saying to the maiden:
"Forget not what thou hast promised us; it will make thy fortune."
When the girl showed the Queen the empty rooms and the great piles of thread, the wedding was announced.
The bridegroom rejoiced that he had won so clever and industrious a wife, and he praised her exceedingly.
"I have three aunts," said the maiden, "and as they have done me many kindnesses, I could not forget them in my good fortune; permit me to invite them to our wedding and allow them to sit with me at table."
So the Queen and the bridegroom consented.
When the feast commenced, the three old women entered, clothed in the greatest splendor, and the bride said 
"Welcome, my dear aunts!"
"Alas!"
exclaimed the bridegroom, "how is it you have such ugly relations?"
and going up to the one with a broad foot, he asked:
"Why have you such a broad foot?"
"From threading, from threading," she answered.
Then he went to the second, and asked:
"Why have you such an overhanging lip?"
"From moistening the thread," she replied, "from moistening the thread."

It was thus it happened.
There is an excellent fellow once a minister I will call him Isaacs who deserves well of the world till he dies, and after because he once, in a real exigency, did the right thing, in the right way, at the right time, as no other man could do it.
In the world's great football match, the ball by chance found him loitering on the outside of the field; he closed with it, "camped" it, charged, it home yes, right through the other side not disturbed, not frightened by his own success and breathless found himself a great man as the Great Delta rang applause.
But he did not find himself a rich man; and the football has never come in his way again.
From that moment to this moment he has been of no use, that one can see, at all.
Still, for that great act we speak of Isaacs gratefully and remember him kindly; and he forges on, hoping to meet the football somewhere again.
In that vague hope, he had arranged a "movement" for a general organization of the human family into Debating Clubs, County Societies, State Unions, etc., etc., with a view of inducing all children to take hold of the handles of their knives and forks, instead of the metal.
Children have bad habits in that way.
The movement, of course, was absurd; but we all did our best to forward, not it, but him.
It came time for the annual county-meeting on this subject to be held at Naguadavick.
Isaacs came round, good fellow!
to arrange for it got the townhall, got the Governor to preside (the saint!

"No; we shall have to cut out the soft music.
But the rest's all right.
Look here."
He squatted in the sand.
"This stone is the girl.
This bit of seaweed's the child.
This nutshell is Freddie.
Dialogue leading up to child's line.
Child speaks like, 'Boofer lady, does 'oo love dadda?'
Business of outstretched hands.
Hold picture for a moment.
Freddie crosses L., takes girl's hand.

Here I've had a big pot o' stewed chicken ready on the stove fer two mortal hours.
I kin give ye that, an' smashed taters an' chicken gravy, an'
dried corn, an' hot corn-pone, an' currant jell, an' strawberry preserves, an' my own cannin' o' peaches, an' pumpkin-pie an' coffee.
Will that do ye?"
Would it do!
Would it do!!
As Aunt Margaret talked, the kitchen door swung wide, and the two men were stricken speechless with astonishment.
There, across from each other at the kitchen table, sat the utterly selfish and traitorous younger members of the rival houses of Ellsworth and Van Kamp, deep in the joys of chicken, and mashed potatoes, and gravy, and hot corn-pone, and all the other "fixings," laughing and chatting gaily like chums of years' standing.
They had seemingly just come to an agreement about something or other, for Evelyn, waving the shorter end of a broken wishbone, was vivaciously saying to Ralph:
"A bargain's a bargain, and I always stick to one I make."
A CALL 
By Grace MacGowan Cooke (1863- )
[From Harper's Magazine, August, 1906.
Copyright, 1906, by Harper &
Brothers.
Republished by the author's permission.]
A boy in an unnaturally clean, country-laundered collar walked down a long white road.

The third said: "I can shoot with my bow any living thing."
The King was pleased, and went and told his daughter, asking her to choose which she would have as a husband.
"I will tell you to-morrow," said the girl.
The King agreed, but on the morrow she was nowhere to be found, and her father, much distressed, went to the three wise men.
"Now," said he to the first, "tell me where my daughter is."
"She is with the fairies," he replied, "and unless the one in charge of her is killed, she cannot return."
Then the King turned to the other two men.
To the horse-maker he said:
"Go and make me a horse," and to the other: "Take your bow and arrow, mount the horse, and go and shoot the fairy: bring my daughter back with you."
Forthwith the men prepared: the horse was made, and mounted by the man with his bow and arrows, then they all disappeared into the skies.
There they found the King's daughter guarded by a fairy.
The third man soon shot the fairy with his bow and arrow, and, lifting the Princess upon his horse, returned with her to her father.
Now each man felt that he had an equal claim upon her, and had earned her as his wife; so the King asked her to decide.

After sitting with them a few minutes, the Miss Steeles returned to the Park, and Elinor was then at liberty to think and be wretched.
[At this point in the first and second editions, Volume 1 ends.]
CHAPTER 23 
However small Elinor's general dependence on Lucy's veracity might be, it was impossible for her on serious reflection to suspect it in the present case, where no temptation could be answerable to the folly of inventing a falsehood of such a description.
What Lucy had asserted to be true, therefore, Elinor could not, dared not longer doubt; supported as it was too on every side by such probabilities and proofs, and contradicted by nothing but her own wishes.
Their opportunity of acquaintance in the house of Mr. Pratt was a foundation for the rest, at once indisputable and alarming; and Edward's visit near Plymouth, his melancholy state of mind, his dissatisfaction at his own prospects, his uncertain behaviour towards herself, the intimate knowledge of the Miss Steeles as to Norland and their family connections, which had often surprised her, the picture, the letter, the ring, formed altogether such a body of evidence, as overcame every fear of condemning him unfairly, and established as a fact, which no partiality could set aside, his ill-treatment of herself.
Her resentment of such behaviour, her indignation at having been its dupe, for a short time made her feel only for herself; but other ideas, other considerations, soon arose.
Had Edward been intentionally deceiving her?
Had he feigned a regard for her which he did not feel?
Was his engagement to Lucy an engagement of the heart?
No; whatever it might once have been, she could not believe it such at present.
His affection was all her own.
She could not be deceived in that.

Dolly was her mother's right hand now; and the twins, Ralph and Reuben, could fire the musket and chop wood.
Sylvy, the fourth child, was the odd one.
All the rest were sturdy, rosy, laughing girls and boys; but Sylvy had been a pining baby, and grew up into a slender, elegant creature, with clear gray eyes, limpid as water, but bright as stars, and fringed with long golden lashes the colour of her beautiful hair locks that were coiled in fold on fold at the back of her fine head, like wreaths of undyed silk, so pale was their yellow lustre.
She bloomed among the crowd of red-cheeked, dark-haired lads and lasses, stately and incongruous as a June lily in a bed of tulips.
But Sylvy did not stay at home.
The parson's lady at Litchfield came to Nepash one Sunday, with her husband, and seeing Sylvy in the square corner pew with the rest, was mightily struck by her lovely face, and offered to take her home with her the next week, for the better advantages of schooling.
Hannah could not have spared Dolly; but Sylvia was a dreamy, unpractical child, and though all the dearer for being the solitary lamb of the flock by virtue of her essential difference from the rest, still, for that very reason, it became easier to let her go.
Parson Everett was childless, and in two years' time both he and his wife adored the gentle, graceful girl; and she loved them dearly.
They could not part with her, and at last adopted her formally as their daughter, with the unwilling consent of John and Hannah.
Yet they knew it was greatly "for Sylvy's betterment," as they phrased it; so at last they let her go.
But when Dolly was a sturdy young woman of twenty-five the war-trumpet blew, and John and the twins heard it effectually.
There was a sudden leaving of the plow in the furrow.

Matters went well with the Stag Lapalang at first; he found on the hills plenty of begonia leaves and delicious grass to eat, and he revelled in the freedom of the cool heights.
But one day he was seen by some village boys, who immediately gave the alarm, and men soon hurried to the chase: the hunting-cry rang from village to village and echoed from crag to crag.
The hunting instincts of the Khasis were roused and men poured forth from every village and hamlet.
Oxen were forgotten at the plough; loads were thrown down and scattered; nothing mattered for the moment but the wild exciting chase over hill and valley.
Louder sounded the hunting cry, farther it echoed from crag to crag, still wilder grew the chase.
From hill to hill and from glen to glen came the hunters, with arrows and spears and staves and swords, hot in pursuit of the Stag Lapalang.
He was swift, he was young, he was strong for days he eluded his pursuers and kept them at bay; but he was only one unarmed creature against a thousand armed men.
His fall was inevitable, and one day on the slopes of the Shillong mountain he was surrounded, and after a brave and desperate struggle for his life, the noble young animal died with a thousand arrows quivering in his body.
The lonely mother on the Plains of Sylhet became uneasy at the delay of the return of the Stag Lapalang, and when she heard the echoes of the hunting-cry from the hills her anxiety became more than she could endure.
Full of dread misgivings, she set out in quest of her wanderer, but when she reached the Khasi hills, she was told that he had been hunted to death on the slopes of Shillong, and the news broke her heart.
Staggering under the weight of her sorrow, she traversed the rugged paths through the wildwoods, seeking her dead offspring, and as she went her loud heartrending cries were heard throughout the country, arresting every ear.
Women, sitting on their hearths, heard it and swooned from the pain of it, and the children hid their faces in dismay; men at work in the fields heard it and bowed their heads and writhed with the anguish of it.

BAD and GRAND sound very much the same, indeed they often are the same”; and he fell into the mud.
“It is not comfortable here,” he remarked, “but no doubt it is some fashionable watering-place, and they have sent me away to recruit my health.
My nerves are certainly very much shattered, and I require rest.”
Then a little Frog, with bright jewelled eyes, and a green mottled coat, swam up to him.
“A new arrival, I see!” said the Frog.
“Well, after all there is nothing like mud.
Give me rainy weather and a ditch, and I am quite happy.
Do you think it will be a wet afternoon?
I am sure I hope so, but the sky is quite blue and cloudless.
What a pity!”
“Ahem!
ahem!” said the Rocket, and he began to cough.
“What a delightful voice you have!” cried the Frog.
“Really it is quite like a croak, and croaking is of course the most musical sound in the world.

And what was more, they each insisted upon being the first man on deck, when the time to make the rush should come.
But to this their leader as fiercely objected, reserving that priority for himself; particularly as his two comrades would not yield, the one to the other, in the matter; and both of them could not be first, for the ladder would but admit one man at a time.
And here, gentlemen, the foul play of these miscreants must come out.
“Upon hearing the frantic project of their leader, each in his own separate soul had suddenly lighted, it would seem, upon the same piece of treachery, namely: to be foremost in breaking out, in order to be the first of the three, though the last of the ten, to surrender; and thereby secure whatever small chance of pardon such conduct might merit.
But when Steelkilt made known his determination still to lead them to the last, they in some way, by some subtle chemistry of villany, mixed their before secret treacheries together; and when their leader fell into a doze, verbally opened their souls to each other in three sentences; and bound the sleeper with cords, and gagged him with cords; and shrieked out for the Captain at midnight.
“Thinking murder at hand, and smelling in the dark for the blood, he and all his armed mates and harpooneers rushed for the forecastle.
In a few minutes the scuttle was opened, and, bound hand and foot, the still struggling ringleader was shoved up into the air by his perfidious allies, who at once claimed the honor of securing a man who had been fully ripe for murder.
But all these were collared, and dragged along the deck like dead cattle; and, side by side, were seized up into the mizzen rigging, like three quarters of meat, and there they hung till morning.
‘Damn ye,’ cried the Captain, pacing to and fro before them, ‘the vultures would not touch ye, ye villains!’
“At sunrise he summoned all hands; and separating those who had rebelled from those who had taken no part in the mutiny, he told the former that he had a good mind to flog them all round—thought, upon the whole, he would do so—he ought to—justice demanded it; but for the present, considering their timely surrender, he would let them go with a reprimand, which he accordingly administered in the vernacular.
“‘But as for you, ye carrion rogues,’ turning to the three men in the rigging—‘for you, I mean to mince ye up for the try-pots;’ and, seizing a rope, he applied it with all his might to the backs of the two traitors, till they yelled no more, but lifelessly hung their heads sideways, as the two crucified thieves are drawn.
“‘My wrist is sprained with ye!’ he cried, at last; ‘but there is still rope enough left for you, my fine bantam, that wouldn’t give up.
Take that gag from his mouth, and let us hear what he can say for himself.’
“For a moment the exhausted mutineer made a tremulous motion of his cramped jaws, and then painfully twisting round his head, said in a sort of hiss, ‘What I say is this—and mind it well—if you flog me, I murder you!’
“‘Say ye so?

"Haven't we, though?"
replied the Blue Jay.
"Guess you wouldn't say that if you saw the Ground Hog.
Would he say that?"
he asked, turning to the young Grouse, Quail, Woodpeckers, Goldfinches, Chickadees, Squirrels, and Rabbits who stood around listening.
"No indeed!"
they answered, for they wanted their visitors to understand that the Forest was a most wonderful place, and they really thought the Ground Hog very large.
"I don't believe he is as big as a Bear" said the Snow Bunting, with his bill in the air.
"How big is he?"
asked the Junco.
Now the Blue Jay was afraid that the birds from the north were getting the better of him, and he felt very sure that they would leave before the Ground Hog had finished his winter sleep, so he did what no honest bird would have even thought of doing.
He held his crested head very high and said, "He is bigger than that rock, a great deal bigger."

When thou art called to a patient, I will always appear to thee.
If I stand by the head of the sick man, thou mayst say with confidence that thou wilt make him well again, and if thou givest him of this herb he will recover; but if I stand by the patient’s feet, he is mine, and thou must say that all remedies are in vain, and that no physician in the world could save him.
But beware of using the herb against my will, or it might fare ill with thee.”
It was not long before the youth was the most famous physician in the whole world.
“He had only to look at the patient and he knew his condition at once, and if he would recover, or must needs die.” So they said of him, and from far and wide people came to him, sent for him when they had any one ill, and gave him so much money that he soon became a rich man.
Now it so befell that the King became ill, and the physician was summoned, and was to say if recovery were possible.
But when he came to the bed, Death was standing by the feet of the sick man, and the herb did not grow which could save him.
“If I could but cheat Death for once,” thought the physician, “he is sure to take it ill if I do, but, as I am his godson, he will shut one eye; I will risk it.” He therefore took up the sick man, and laid him the other way, so that now Death was standing by his head.
Then he gave the King some of the herb, and he recovered and grew healthy again.
But Death came to the physician, looking very black and angry, threatened him with his finger, and said, “Thou hast overreached me; this time I will pardon it, as thou art my godson; but if thou venturest it again, it will cost thee thy neck, for I will take thee thyself away with me.”
Soon afterwards the King’s daughter fell into a severe illness.
She was his only child, and he wept day and night, so that he began to lose the sight of his eyes, and he caused it to be made known that whosoever rescued her from death should be her husband and inherit the crown.
When the physician came to the sick girl’s bed, he saw Death by her feet.
He ought to have remembered the warning given by his godfather, but he was so infatuated by the great beauty of the King’s daughter, and the happiness of becoming her husband, that he flung all thought to the winds.

By the time the prince had concluded this story it was nearly morning, and he went away, after rewarding the man.
The prince then visited the country belonging to his brother-in-law.
He disguised himself as a jogi, and sitting down by a tree near the palace, pretended to be absorbed in worship.
News of the man and of his wonderful piety reached the ears of the king.
He felt interested in him, as his wife was very ill; and he had sought for hakims to cure her, but in vain.
He thought that, perhaps, this holy man could do something for her.
So he sent to him.
But the jogi refused to tread the halls of a king, saying that his dwelling was the open air, and that if his Majesty wished to see him he must come himself and bring his wife to the place.
Then the king took his wife and brought her to the jogi.
The holy man bade her prostrate herself before him, and when she had remained in this position for about three hours, he told her to rise and go, for she was cured.
In the evening there was great consternation in the palace, because the queen had lost her pearl rosary, and nobody knew anything about it.
At length some one went to the jogi, and found it on the ground by the place where the queen had prostrated herself.

However this might be, and whatever creatures the Pygmies rode upon, I do not doubt that they made a formidable appearance, armed with sword and spear, and bow and arrow, blowing their tiny trumpet, and shouting their little war cry.
They never failed to exhort one another to fight bravely, and recollect that the world had its eyes upon them; although, in simple truth, the only spectator was the Giant Antaeus, with his one, great, stupid eye in the middle of his forehead.
When the two armies joined battle, the cranes would rush forward, flapping their wings and stretching out their necks, and would perhaps snatch up some of the Pygmies crosswise in their beaks.
Whenever this happened, it was truly an awful spectacle to see those little men of might kicking and sprawling in the air, and at last disappearing down the crane's long, crooked throat, swallowed up alive.
A hero, you know, must hold himself in readiness for any kind of fate; and doubtless the glory of the thing was a consolation to him, even in the crane's gizzard.
If Antaeus observed that the battle was going hard against his little allies, he generally stopped laughing, and ran with mile-long strides to their assistance, flourishing his club aloft and shouting at the cranes, who quacked and croaked, and retreated as fast as they could.
Then the Pygmy army would march homeward in triumph, attributing the victory entirely to their own valor, and to the warlike skill and strategy of whomsoever happened to be captain general; and for a tedious while afterwards, nothing would be heard of but grand processions, and public banquets, and brilliant illuminations, and shows of wax-work, with likenesses of the distinguished officers, as small as life.
In the above-described warfare, if a Pygmy chanced to pluck out a crane's tail feather, it proved a very great feather in his cap.
Once or twice, if you will believe me, a little man was made chief ruler of the nation for no other merit in the world than bringing home such a feather.
But I have now said enough to let you see what a gallant little people these were, and how happily they and their forefathers, for nobody knows how many generations, had lived with the immeasurable Giant Antaeus.
In the remaining part of the story, I shall tell you of a far more astonishing battle than any that was fought between the Pygmies and the cranes.
One day the mighty Antaeus was lolling at full length among his little friends.

D'you ever try it, Huck?”
“No, but old Mother Hopkins told me.”
“Well, I reckon it's so, then.
Becuz they say she's a witch.”
“Say!
Why, Tom, I know she is.
She witched pap.
Pap says so his own self.
He come along one day, and he see she was a-witching him, so he took up a rock, and if she hadn't dodged, he'd a got her.
Well, that very night he rolled off'n a shed wher' he was a layin drunk, and broke his arm.”
“Why, that's awful.
How did he know she was a-witching him?”
“Lord, pap can tell, easy.
Pap says when they keep looking at you right stiddy, they're a-witching you.
Specially if they mumble.
Becuz when they mumble they're saying the Lord's Prayer backards.”
“Say, Hucky, when you going to try the cat?”
“To-night.
I reckon they'll come after old Hoss Williams to-night.”
“But they buried him Saturday.

When their strife was at its height, a Bramble from the neighboring hedge lifted up its voice, and said in a boastful tone:
“Pray, my dear friends, in my presence at least cease from such vain disputings.”
The Farmer and the Stork 
A FARMER placed nets on his newly-sown plowlands and caught a number of Cranes, which came to pick up his seed.
With them he trapped a Stork that had fractured his leg in the net and was earnestly beseeching the Farmer to spare his life.
“Pray save me, Master,” he said, “and let me go free this once.
My broken limb should excite your pity.
Besides, I am no Crane, I am a Stork, a bird of excellent character; and see how I love and slave for my father and mother.
Look too, at my feathers they are not the least like those of a Crane.” The Farmer laughed aloud and said, “It may be all as you say, I only know this: I have taken you with these robbers, the Cranes, and you must die in their company.”
Birds of a feather flock together.
The Farmer and the Snake 
ONE WINTER a Farmer found a Snake stiff and frozen with cold.
He had compassion on it, and taking it up, placed it in his bosom.
The Snake was quickly revived by the warmth, and resuming its natural instincts, bit its benefactor, inflicting on him a mortal wound.
“Oh,” cried the Farmer with his last breath, “I am rightly served for pitying a scoundrel.”
The greatest kindness will not bind the ungrateful.
The Fawn and His Mother 
A YOUNG FAWN once said to his Mother, “You are larger than a dog, and swifter, and more used to running, and you have your horns as a defense; why, then, O Mother!
do the hounds frighten you so?” She smiled, and said: “I know full well, my son, that all you say is true.

Jute had apparently become a sort of obsession with him.
He seemed to attach almost a spiritual importance to it.
And what Corky said was that, while he didn't know what they did at the bottom of the jute business, instinct told him that it was something too beastly for words.
Corky, moreover, believed in his future as an artist.
Some day, he said, he was going to make a hit.
Meanwhile, by using the utmost tact and persuasiveness, he was inducing his uncle to cough up very grudgingly a small quarterly allowance.
He wouldn't have got this if his uncle hadn't had a hobby.
Mr. Worple was peculiar in this respect.
As a rule, from what I've observed, the American captain of industry doesn't do anything out of business hours.
When he has put the cat out and locked up the office for the night, he just relapses into a state of coma from which he emerges only to start being a captain of industry again.
But Mr. Worple in his spare time was what is known as an ornithologist.
He had written a book called American Birds, and was writing another, to be called More American Birds.

If if, oh please, would you let me wait on her after I've done my pots an' kettles?
I'd do 'em that quick if you'd let me wait on her now she's poor.
Oh," breaking out afresh, "poor little Miss Sara, mum that was called a princess."
Somehow, she made Miss Minchin feel more angry than ever.
That the very scullery maid should range herself on the side of this child whom she realized more fully than ever that she had never liked was too much.
She actually stamped her foot.
"No certainly not," she said.
"She will wait on herself, and on other people, too.
Leave the room this instant, or you'll leave your place."
Becky threw her apron over her head and fled.
She ran out of the room and down the steps into the scullery, and there she sat down among her pots and kettles, and wept as if her heart would break.
"It's exactly like the ones in the stories," she wailed.

Of his architectural doings nothing was clearly known, except that he had never designed or built anything.
Mr. Pecksniff's professional engagements, indeed, were almost, if not entirely, confined to the reception of pupils.
His genius lay in ensnaring parents and guardians and pocketing premiums.
Mr. Pecksniff was a moral man.
Perhaps there never was a more moral man than Mr. Pecksniff, especially in his conversation and correspondence.
Some people likened him to a direction-post, which is always telling the way to a place, and never goes there; but these were his enemies.
Into Mr. Pecksniff's house came young Martin Chuzzlewit, a relation of the architect's.
Tom Pinch, Mr. Pecksniff's assistant, had driven over to Salisbury for the new pupil, and had already discoursed to Martin on Mr. Pecksniff and his family (for Mr. Pecksniff had two daughters Mercy, and Charity), in whose good qualities he had a profound and pathetic belief.
Festive preparations on a rather extensive scale were already completed for Martin's benefit on the night of his arrival.
There were two bottles of currant wine, white and red; a dish of sandwiches, very long, and very slim; another of apples; another of captain's biscuits; a plate of oranges cut up small and gritty with powdered sugar; and a highly geological home-made cake.
The magnitude of these preparations quite took away Tom Pinch's breath, for though the new pupils were usually let down softly, particularly in the wine department, still this was a banquet, a sort of lord mayor's feast in private life, a something to think of, and hold on by afterwards.
To this entertainment Mr. Pecksniff besought the company to do full justice.

Therefore it was that Flask once admitted in private, that ever since he had arisen to the dignity of an officer, from that moment he had never known what it was to be otherwise than hungry, more or less.
For what he ate did not so much relieve his hunger, as keep it immortal in him.
Peace and satisfaction, thought Flask, have for ever departed from my stomach.
I am an officer; but, how I wish I could fish a bit of old-fashioned beef in the forecastle, as I used to when I was before the mast.
There’s the fruits of promotion now; there’s the vanity of glory: there’s the insanity of life!
Besides, if it were so that any mere sailor of the Pequod had a grudge against Flask in Flask’s official capacity, all that sailor had to do, in order to obtain ample vengeance, was to go aft at dinner-time, and get a peep at Flask through the cabin sky-light, sitting silly and dumfoundered before awful Ahab.
Now, Ahab and his three mates formed what may be called the first table in the Pequod’s cabin.
After their departure, taking place in inverted order to their arrival, the canvas cloth was cleared, or rather was restored to some hurried order by the pallid steward.
And then the three harpooneers were bidden to the feast, they being its residuary legatees.
They made a sort of temporary servants’ hall of the high and mighty cabin.
In strange contrast to the hardly tolerable constraint and nameless invisible domineerings of the captain’s table, was the entire care-free license and ease, the almost frantic democracy of those inferior fellows the harpooneers.
While their masters, the mates, seemed afraid of the sound of the hinges of their own jaws, the harpooneers chewed their food with such a relish that there was a report to it.

"For me!"
cried Marianne, stepping hastily forward.
"No, ma'am, for my mistress."
But Marianne, not convinced, took it instantly up.
"It is indeed for Mrs. Jennings; how provoking!"
"You are expecting a letter, then?"
said Elinor, unable to be longer silent.
"Yes, a little not much."
After a short pause.
"You have no confidence in me, Marianne."
"Nay, Elinor, this reproach from YOU you who have confidence in no one!"
"Me!"

On a blade of grass that fluttered in the air like a long green ribbon sat a grasshopper cleaning its wings with its legs.
May beetles hummed, bees murmured, birds sang each in its own way; the air was filled with the sounds of song and gladness.
"But where is the little blue flower that grows by the water, and the purple bellflower, and the daisy?"
asked the oak.
"I want them all."
"Here we are; here we are," came the reply in words and in song.
"But the beautiful thyme of last summer, where is that?
And where are the lilies of the valley which last year covered the earth with their bloom, and the wild apple tree with its fragrant blossoms, and all the glory of the wood, which has flourished year after year?
And where is even what may have but just been born?"
"We are here; we are here," sounded voices high up in the air, as if they had flown there beforehand.
"Why, this is beautiful, too beautiful to be believed," cried the oak in a joyful tone.
"I have them all here, both great and small; not one has been forgotten.

Now, as the son of seven Queens could not read, he took the fatal message cheerfully, and set off to find the white Queen's mother.
Whilst he was journeying he passed through a town, where every one of the inhabitants looked so sad, that he could not help asking what was the matter.
They told him it was because the King's only daughter refused to marry; so when her father died there would be no heir to the throne.
They greatly feared she must be out of her mind, for though every good-looking young man in the kingdom had been shown to her, she declared she would only marry one who was the son of seven mothers, and who ever heard of such a thing?
The King, in despair, had ordered every man who entered the city gates to be led before the Princess; so, much to the lad's impatience, for he was in an immense hurry to find his mothers' eyes, he was dragged into the presence-chamber.
No sooner did the Princess catch sight of him than she blushed, and, turning to the King, said, "Dear father, this is my choice!"
Never were such rejoicings as these few words produced.
The inhabitants nearly went wild with joy, but the son of seven Queens said he would not marry the Princess unless they first let him recover his mothers' eyes.
When the beautiful bride heard his story, she asked to see the potsherd, for she was very learned and clever.
Seeing the treacherous words, she said nothing, but taking another similar-shaped bit of potsherd, she wrote on it these words "Take care of this lad, giving him all he desires," and returned it to the son of seven Queens, who, none the wiser, set off on his quest.
Ere long he arrived at the hovel in the ravine where the white witch's mother, a hideous old creature, grumbled dreadfully on reading the message, especially when the lad asked for the necklace of eyes.
Nevertheless she took it off, and gave it him, saying, "There are only thirteen of 'em now, for I lost one last week."

It's an awful long way.
Can you get out?”
“I bet I will.
We've got to do it tonight, too, because if somebody sees these holes they'll know in a minute what's here and they'll go for it.”
“Well, I'll come around and maow tonight.”
“All right.
Let's hide the tools in the bushes.”
The boys were there that night, about the appointed time.
They sat in the shadow waiting.
It was a lonely place, and an hour made solemn by old traditions.
Spirits whispered in the rustling leaves, ghosts lurked in the murky nooks, the deep baying of a hound floated up out of the distance, an owl answered with his sepulchral note.
The boys were subdued by these solemnities, and talked little.
By and by they judged that twelve had come; they marked where the shadow fell, and began to dig.
Their hopes commenced to rise.
Their interest grew stronger, and their industry kept pace with it.
The hole deepened and still deepened, but every time their hearts jumped to hear the pick strike upon something, they only suffered a new disappointment.

And the Gray Squirrel sat up very straight indeed.
"Who is that gliding fellow on the ground below?"
asked the newcomer.
"Is he one of your friends?"
"That?
That is the Rattlesnake.
We never speak to each other.
There has always been trouble between our families."
"Who lives in that hollow tree yonder?"
"Sh, sh!
That is where the Great Horned Owl has his home.
He is asleep now and must not be awakened, for Squirrels and Owls cannot be friendly."

"See the poor lad," said a cracked voice close to his side.
"He must have had but a poor education, since he does not know how to cross a little stream like this.
Or is he afraid of wetting his fine golden-stringed sandals?
It is a pity his four-footed schoolmaster is not here to carry him safely across on his back!"
Jason looked round greatly surprised, for he did not know that anybody was near.
But beside him stood an old woman, with a ragged mantle over her head, leaning on a staff, the top of which was carved into the shape of a cuckoo.
She looked very aged, and wrinkled, and infirm; and yet her eyes, which were as brown as those of an ox, were so extremely large and beautiful, that, when they were fixed on Jason's eyes, he could see nothing else but them.
The old woman had a pomegranate in her hand, although the fruit was then quite out of season.
"Whither are you going, Jason?"
she now asked.
She seemed to know his name, you will observe; and, indeed, those great brown eyes looked as if they had a knowledge of everything, whether past or to come.
While Jason was gazing at her, a peacock strutted forward, and took his stand at the old woman's side.

That's the thing to put a paper on the map.
The worst of it is that everything seems to have been done.
Have you by any chance a second 'Frenzied Finance' at the back of your mind?
Or proofs that nut sundaes are composed principally of ptomaine and outlying portions of the American workingman?
It would be the making of us."
Now it happened that in the course of her rambles through the city Betty had lost herself one morning in the slums.
The experience had impressed itself on her mind with an extraordinary vividness.
Her lot had always been cast in pleasant places, and she had never before been brought into close touch with this side of life.
The sight of actual raw misery had come home to her with an added force from that circumstance.
Wandering on, she had reached a street which eclipsed in cheerlessness even its squalid neighbors.
All the smells and noises of the East Side seemed to be penned up here in a sort of canyon.
The masses of dirty clothes hanging from the fire-escapes increased the atmosphere of depression.

And so I shall always say, my dear, you may depend on it.
I have no notion of men's going on in this way; and if ever I meet him again, I will give him such a dressing as he has not had this many a day.
But there is one comfort, my dear Miss Marianne; he is not the only young man in the world worth having; and with your pretty face you will never want admirers.
Well, poor thing!
I won't disturb her any longer, for she had better have her cry out at once and have done with.
The Parrys and Sandersons luckily are coming tonight you know, and that will amuse her."
She then went away, walking on tiptoe out of the room, as if she supposed her young friend's affliction could be increased by noise.
Marianne, to the surprise of her sister, determined on dining with them.
Elinor even advised her against it.
But "no, she would go down; she could bear it very well, and the bustle about her would be less."
Elinor, pleased to have her governed for a moment by such a motive, though believing it hardly possible that she could sit out the dinner, said no more; and adjusting her dress for her as well as she could, while Marianne still remained on the bed, was ready to assist her into the dining room as soon as they were summoned to it.
When there, though looking most wretchedly, she ate more and was calmer than her sister had expected.

Monsieur, I love men of your stamp, and I can tell that if we don't kill each other, I shall enjoy your society.
But here comes my seconds."
"What!"
cried D'Artagnan as Porthos and Aramis appeared.
"Are these gentlemen your seconds?"
"Yes," replied Athos.
"Are you not aware that we are never seen one without the others, and that we are called the three inseparables?"
"What does this mean?"
said Porthos, who had now come up and stood astonished.
"This is the gentleman I am to fight with," said Athos, pointing to D'Artagnan and saluting him.
"Why I am also going to fight with him," said Porthos.
"But not before one o'clock," replied D'Artagnan.

The last was a S; Swubble I named him.
This was a T; Twist I named him.
I have got names ready made to the end of the alphabet, and all the way through it again, when we come to Z."
"Why, you're quite a literary character, sir," said Mrs. Mann.
Oliver, being now nine years old, was removed from the tender mercies of Mrs. Mann, in whose wretched home not one kind word or look had ever lighted the gloom of his infant years, and was taken into the workhouse.
Now the members of the board, who were long-headed men, had just established the rule that all poor people should have the alternative (for they would compel nobody, not they) of being starved by a gradual process in the house, or by a quick one out of it.
All relief was inseparable from the workhouse, and the thin gruel issued three times a day to its inmates.
The system was in full operation for the first six months after Oliver Twist's admission, and boys having generally excellent appetites, Oliver Twist and his companions suffered the tortures of slow starvation.
Each boy had one porringer of gruel, and no more.
At last the boys got so voracious and wild with hunger, that one, who was tall for his age and hadn't been used to that sort of thing (for his father had kept a small cook's shop), hinted darkly to his companions that unless he had another basin of gruel per diem he was afraid he might some night happen to eat the boy who slept next him, a weakly youth of tender age.
He had a wild, hungry eye, and they implicitly believed him.
A council was held, lots were cast who should walk up to the master after supper that evening and ask for more, and it fell to Oliver Twist.

Instinct, I suppose.
The instinct of self-preservation which nature gives hunted animals.
I can't think of a single man in the world except your Marvin, of course who wouldn't do anything for money."
She stopped.
"Well, yes, one."
Elsa leaned forward eagerly.
"Who, Betty?"
"You don't know him."
"But what's his name?"
Betty hesitated.
"Well, if I am on the witness-stand Maude."
"Maude?

If he even see a straddle-bug start to go anywheres, he would bet you how long it would take him to get to to wherever he was going to, and if you took him up, he would foller that straddle-bug to Mexico but what he would find out where he was bound for and how long he was on the road.
Lots of the boys here has seen that Smiley and can tell you about him.
Why, it never made no difference to him he'd bet on any thing the dangest feller.
Parson Walker's wife laid very sick once, for a good while, and it seemed as if they warn't going to save her; but one morning he come in, and Smiley up and asked him how she was, and he said she was considerable better thank the Lord for his inf'nit'
mercy and coming on so smart that with the blessing of Prov'dence she'd get well yet; and Smiley, before he thought, says, ‘Well, I'll risk two-and-a-half she don't anyway.'"
Thish-yer Smiley had a mare the boys called her the fifteen-minute nag, but that was only in fun, you know, because, of course, she was faster than that and he used to win money on that horse, for all she was so slow and always had the asthma, or the distemper, or the consumption, or something of that kind.
They used to give her two or three hundred yards start, and then pass her under way; but always at the fag-end of the race she'd get excited and desperate-like, and come cavorting and straddling up, and scattering her legs around limber, sometimes in the air, and sometimes out to one side amongst the fences, and kicking up m-o-r-e dust and raising m-o-r-e racket with her coughing and sneezing and blowing her nose and always fetch up at the stand just about a neck ahead, as near as you could cipher it down.
And he had a little small bull-pup, that to look at him you'd think he warn't worth a cent but to set around and look ornery and lay for a chance to steal something.
But as soon as money was up on him he was a different dog; his under-jaw'd begin to stick out like the fo'-castle of a steamboat, and his teeth would uncover and shine like the furnaces.
And a dog might tackle him and bully-rag him, and bite him, and throw him over his shoulder two or three times, and Andrew Jackson which was the name of the pup Andrew Jackson would never let on but what he was satisfied, and hadn't expected nothing else and the bets being doubled and doubled on the other side all the time, till the money was all up; and then all of a sudden he would grab that other dog jest by the j'int of his hind leg and freeze to it not chaw, you understand, but only just grip and hang on till they throwed up the sponge, if it was a year.
Smiley always come out winner on that pup, till he harnessed a dog once that didn't have no hind legs, because they'd been sawed off in a circular saw, and when the thing had gone along far enough, and the money was all up, and he come to make a snatch for his pet holt, he see in a minute how he'd been imposed on, and how the other dog had him in the door, so to speak, and he 'peared surprised, and then he looked sorter discouraged-like, and didn't try no more to win the fight, and so he got shucked out bad.
He gave Smiley a look, as much as to say his heart was broke, and it was his fault, for putting up a dog that hadn't no hind legs for him to take holt of, which was his main dependence in a fight, and then he limped off a piece and laid down and died.
It was a good pup, was that Andrew Jackson, and would have made a name for hisself if he'd lived, for the stuff was in him and he had genius I know it, because he hadn't no opportunities to speak of, and it don't stand to reason that a dog could make such a fight as he could under them circumstances if he hadn't no talent.

Why do they keep all their branches?
Whither are they taken?"
"We know that!
We know that!"
chirped the Sparrows.
"Yonder in the town we looked in at the windows.
We know where they go.
Oh!
they are dressed up in the greatest pomp and splendor that can be imagined.
We have looked in at the windows, and have perceived that they are planted in the middle of a warm room, and adorned with the most beautiful things gilt apples, honey-cakes, playthings, and many hundred of candles."
"And then?"
asked the Fir Tree, and trembled through all its branches.

"What is one's frosting to this?
I will go back to the woman with the ten children."
He turned and ran back, leaving the child screaming with rage and disappointed greed.
But as he ran, a hungry Puppy met him, and swallowed him at a gulp, and went on licking his chops and wagging his tail.
"Huh!"
said the Pan.
"OH, DEAR!"
Chimborazo was a very unhappy boy.
He pouted, and he sulked, and he said, "Oh, dear!
oh, dear!
oh, dear!
oh, dear!"

Her mood was critical, and she saw that in this, her one accomplishment, she was, as in everything else, an amateur.
She could not compete against professionals.
She closed her eyes, and had a momentary vision of those professionals, keen of face, leathern of finger, rattling out myriads of words at a dizzy speed.
And, at that, all her courage suddenly broke; she drooped forlornly, and, hiding her face on the cushioned arm-rest, she began to cry.
Tears are the Turkish bath of the soul.
Nature never intended woman to pass dry-eyed through crises of emotion.
A casual stranger, meeting Betty on her way to the boat, might have thought that she looked a little worried, nothing more.
The same stranger, if he had happened to enter the compartment at this juncture, would have set her down at sight as broken-hearted beyond recovery.
Yet such is the magic of tears that it was at this very moment that Betty was beginning to be conscious of a distinct change for the better.
Her heart still ached, and to think of John even for an instant was to feel the knife turning in the wound, but her brain was clear; the panic fear had gone, and she faced the future resolutely once more.
For she had just remembered the existence of Mrs. Oakley.
Only once in her life had Betty met her stepfather's celebrated aunt, and the meeting had taken place nearly twelve years ago.

Buller was the first to make the promised country visit.
He had not mentioned the subject of horses to his friend, but he knew through Mrs. Buller that Podington still continued to be his own driver.
She had informed him, however, that at present he was accustomed to drive a big black horse which, in her opinion, was as gentle and reliable as these animals ever became, and she could not imagine how anybody could be afraid of him.
So when, the next morning after his arrival, Mr.
Buller was asked by his host if he would like to take a drive, he suppressed a certain rising emotion and said that it would please him very much.
When the good black horse had jogged along a pleasant road for half an hour Mr. Buller began to feel that, perhaps, for all these years he had been laboring under a misconception.
It seemed to be possible that there were some horses to which surrounding circumstances in the shape of sights and sounds were so irrelevant that they were to a certain degree entirely safe, even when guided and controlled by an amateur hand.
As they passed some meadow-land, somebody behind a hedge fired a gun; Mr. Buller was frightened, but the horse was not.
"William," said Buller, looking cheerfully around him, 
"I had no idea that you lived in such a pretty country.
In fact, I might almost call it beautiful.
You have not any wide stretch of water, such as I like so much, but here is a pretty river, those rolling hills are very charming, and, beyond, you have the blue of the mountains."
"It is lovely," said his friend; "I never get tired of driving through this country.
Of course the seaside is very fine, but here we have such a variety of scenery."

After holding a council, the captains ordered their troops to collect sticks, straws, dry weeds, and whatever combustible stuff they could find, and make a pile of it, heaping it high around the head of Hercules.
As a great many thousand Pygmies were employed in this task, they soon brought together several bushels of inflammatory matter, and raised so tall a heap, that, mounting on its summit, they were quite upon a level with the sleeper's face.
The archers, meanwhile, were stationed within bow shot, with orders to let fly at Hercules the instant that he stirred.
Everything being in readiness, a torch was applied to the pile, which immediately burst into flames, and soon waxed hot enough to roast the enemy, had he but chosen to lie still.
A Pygmy, you know, though so very small, might set the world on fire, just as easily as a Giant could; so that this was certainly the very best way of dealing with their foe, provided they could have kept him quiet while the conflagration was going forward.
But no sooner did Hercules begin to be scorched, than up he started, with his hair in a red blaze.
"What's all this?"
he cried, bewildered with sleep, and staring about him as if he expected to see another Giant.
At that moment the twenty thousand archers twanged their bowstrings, and the arrows came whizzing, like so many winged mosquitoes, right into the face of Hercules.
But I doubt whether more than half a dozen of them punctured the skin, which was remarkably tough, as you know the skin of a hero has good need to be.
"Villain!"
shouted all the Pygmies at once.

Meg lifted her eyebrows, but Jo scowled at her defiantly and said at once, "Of course you may.
We should have asked you before, only we thought you wouldn't care for such a girl's game as this."
"I always like your games, but if Meg doesn't want me, I'll go away."
"I've no objection, if you do something.
It's against the rules to be idle here," replied Meg gravely but graciously.
"Much obliged.
I'll do anything if you'll let me stop a bit, for it's as dull as the Desert of Sahara down there.
Shall I sew, read, cone, draw, or do all at once?
Bring on your bears.
I'm ready."
And Laurie sat down with a submissive expression delightful to behold.
"Finish this story while I set my heel," said Jo, handing him the book.

I have no fears for you, yet I am anxious that you should take this trouble rightly.
Don't grieve and fret when I am gone, or think that you can be idle and comfort yourselves by being idle and trying to forget.
Go on with your work as usual, for work is a blessed solace.
Hope and keep busy, and whatever happens, remember that you never can be fatherless."
"Yes, Mother."
"Meg, dear, be prudent, watch over your sisters, consult Hannah, and in any perplexity, go to Mr. Laurence.
Be patient, Jo, don't get despondent or do rash things, write to me often, and be my brave girl, ready to help and cheer all.
Beth, comfort yourself with your music, and be faithful to the little home duties, and you, Amy, help all you can, be obedient, and keep happy safe at home."
"We will, Mother!
We will!"
The rattle of an approaching carriage made them all start and listen.
That was the hard minute, but the girls stood it well.

Arrived there, she found the dead man, but the ring was difficult to remove, so she drew it off with her teeth.
Her husband, who did not know she had understood and acted upon the cry of the jackals, was horrified, and thought she was eating the flesh of the dead man; so he returned home, and when the morning came, took his wife to her mother, and said: "I have brought back your daughter, and refuse to live with her any longer, lest I come to some evil end."
He gave no reason for having thus said, and returned to his home.
In the evening his wife sat sorrowfully in the garden of her father's house, and the crows came to roost in the peepul trees; and as they came, they said: "In this place are buried four boxes containing hidden treasure: dig and find it, O my daughter."
The young girl called her parents and told them the message of the crows.
At first they laughed, but, after a while, they dug as she directed, and found treasure which enriched the whole family.
The girl then explained the story of the dead man's ring, and her husband gladly forgave her and received her back.
THE ORIGIN OF DEATH 
When God first made the world, He took two handsful of ashes and placed them in a corner and hid Himself.
These became a man and a woman.
God then called the man by name, saying: "Manoo," and the man replied, "Hoo" instead of "Ha Jee" (Yes Life) respectfully, as he should have done.
For this reason was everlasting life denied him, and where he stood, there were his ashes when he died.
Even to this day, if a man should scratch himself, a line of white ash of which he was made is seen.

I couldn't have a really first-class valet like Voules going about the place shooting himself up.
Evidently the girl Pilbeam was at the bottom of the thing.
I questioned her.
She sobbed.
I questioned her more.
I was firm.
And eventually she yielded up the facts.
Voules had seen George kiss her the night before; that was the trouble.
Things began to piece themselves together.
I went up to interview George.
There was going to be another job for persuasive Alfred.
Voules's mind had got to be eased as Stella's had been.

Among many other fine qualities, my royal friend Tranquo, being gifted with a devout love for all matters of barbaric vertu, had brought together in Pupella whatever rare things the more ingenious of his people could invent; chiefly carved woods of wonderful devices, chiselled shells, inlaid spears, costly paddles, aromatic canoes; and all these distributed among whatever natural wonders, the wonder-freighted, tribute-rendering waves had cast upon his shores.
Chief among these latter was a great Sperm Whale, which, after an unusually long raging gale, had been found dead and stranded, with his head against a cocoa-nut tree, whose plumage-like, tufted droopings seemed his verdant jet.
When the vast body had at last been stripped of its fathom-deep enfoldings, and the bones become dust dry in the sun, then the skeleton was carefully transported up the Pupella glen, where a grand temple of lordly palms now sheltered it.
The ribs were hung with trophies; the vertebræ were carved with Arsacidean annals, in strange hieroglyphics; in the skull, the priests kept up an unextinguished aromatic flame, so that the mystic head again sent forth its vapory spout; while, suspended from a bough, the terrific lower jaw vibrated over all the devotees, like the hair-hung sword that so affrighted Damocles.
It was a wondrous sight.
The wood was green as mosses of the Icy Glen; the trees stood high and haughty, feeling their living sap; the industrious earth beneath was as a weaver’s loom, with a gorgeous carpet on it, whereof the ground-vine tendrils formed the warp and woof, and the living flowers the figures.
All the trees, with all their laden branches; all the shrubs, and ferns, and grasses; the message-carrying air; all these unceasingly were active.
Through the lacings of the leaves, the great sun seemed a flying shuttle weaving the unwearied verdure.
Oh, busy weaver!
unseen weaver!—pause!—one word!—whither flows the fabric?
what palace may it deck?
wherefore all these ceaseless toilings?

Everyone, from the days of the myths down to the present time, has believed in a fair fight.
It is about the greatest adventure a man can have, that of using all his strength and giving up his life perhaps in a battle to right a wrong or protect a defenseless people.
But fancy this old fight of Mars when he rode down in the chariot that the gods had given him upon a people who were without arms and with the purpose of violating their boundaries.
With a rumble like that of all the thunder storms in the world rolled into one and a crashing like the sound of a thousand spears, Mars touched the earth and rode across Terminus' carefully laid out boundary lines and destroyed them.
The wheels of his chariot ground the stones Terminus had so honestly placed to powder, and the beautifully carved pillars were shattered, and the pieces buried in the dust.
The shouts of Mars and his followers drowned all the peaceful melody of earth, the singing of birds, the laughter of the children, and the pleasant sounds of spinning and mowing and grinding.
It was indeed a most dreadful invasion and for a while it seemed as if it was going to end in nothing but destruction of the people and the industry on the earth which the gods loved and had helped.
But in an instant something happened.
There was a roar as if wild beasts of the forests for miles around had been captured, and the earth trembled as it did when the giants were thrown out of the home of the gods, for Mars had fallen and was crying about it.
He had thought himself invulnerable, but whether an arrow from some unseen hero had hit him or whether his steeds had stumbled over one of Terminus' boundary posts, the invincible Mars lay prostrate on the field he had himself invaded, and before he could pick himself up, something else happened.
It was really rather amusing, for Mars was not hurt.
He was only taught a much needed lesson.

One of these was the goddess, Juno.
Hercules lay in his cradle one day before he was able to walk even, and he suddenly saw something that would have frightened anyone much older than he.
On each side of his cradle there appeared the green, hissing head of a huge serpent, their poisonous fangs thrust out to sting this child of the gods to death.
Hercules' attendants ran away in terror not daring to give fight to the vipers, but he reached out his tiny hands, gripped a serpent in each by its throat and strangled them.
People began to look at Hercules in wonder after that.
They watched him grow up, just like any other boy except that his limbs were stronger and his muscles harder than those of the average boy of Greece.
There were still those who admired him and those who hated him, knowing that he was, really, the son of a god.
So his enemies put Hercules in charge of a kind of tutor named Eurystheus who was under orders to give him the most impossible tasks to try and perform.
"The lad will fail and then we shall be well rid of him," the goddess Juno, who particularly disliked Hercules, said.
Hercules began life in a part of Greece that was known as the valley of Nemea.
It was a place of olive orchards and fruit trees and fields of grain, but the terror of the place was the Nemean lion who lived close by in the fastness of the hills.
There had never been known so huge a lion, with such wide, blood thirsty jaws.

“He is not like anyone else in the world.
He can charm foxes and squirrels and birds just as the natives in India charm snakes.
He plays a very soft tune on a pipe and they come and listen.”
There were some big books on a table at his side and he dragged one suddenly toward him.
“There is a picture of a snake-charmer in this,” he exclaimed.
“Come and look at it.”
The book was a beautiful one with superb colored illustrations and he turned to one of them.
“Can he do that?” he asked eagerly.
“He played on his pipe and they listened,” Mary explained.
“But he doesn’t call it Magic.
He says it’s because he lives on the moor so much and he knows their ways.
He says he feels sometimes as if he was a bird or a rabbit himself, he likes them so.
I think he asked the robin questions.
It seemed as if they talked to each other in soft chirps.”
Colin lay back on his cushion and his eyes grew larger and larger and the spots on his cheeks burned.

He had nothing a few years ago.
Then he struck gold, invested it, and came up by leaps and bounds.”
“Now, what is your own impression as to the young lady’s—your wife’s character?”
The nobleman swung his glasses a little faster and stared down into the fire.
“You see, Mr. Holmes,” said he, “my wife was twenty before her father became a rich man.
During that time she ran free in a mining camp and wandered through woods or mountains, so that her education has come from Nature rather than from the schoolmaster.
She is what we call in England a tomboy, with a strong nature, wild and free, unfettered by any sort of traditions.
She is impetuous—volcanic, I was about to say.
She is swift in making up her mind and fearless in carrying out her resolutions.
On the other hand, I would not have given her the name which I have the honour to bear”—he gave a little stately cough—“had I not thought her to be at bottom a noble woman.
I believe that she is capable of heroic self-sacrifice and that anything dishonourable would be repugnant to her.”
“Have you her photograph?”
“I brought this with me.” He opened a locket and showed us the full face of a very lovely woman.
It was not a photograph but an ivory miniature, and the artist had brought out the full effect of the lustrous black hair, the large dark eyes, and the exquisite mouth.
Holmes gazed long and earnestly at it.
Then he closed the locket and handed it back to Lord St. Simon.

It must have been there a long, long time, but somehow or other she had never noticed it before, and she began a-thinking.
And she thought it was very dangerous to have that mallet there, for she said to herself: "Suppose him and me was to be married, and we was to have a son, and he was to grow up to be a man, and come down into the cellar to draw the beer, like as I'm doing now, and the mallet was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful thing it would be!"
And she put down the candle and the jug, and sat herself down and began a-crying.
Well, they began to wonder upstairs how it was that she was so long drawing the beer, and her mother went down to see after her, and she found her sitting on the settle crying, and the beer running over the floor.
"Why, whatever is the matter?"
said her mother.
"Oh, mother!"
says she, "look at that horrid mallet!
Suppose we was to be married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, and was to come down to the cellar to draw the beer, and the mallet was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful thing it would be!"
"Dear, dear!
what a dreadful thing it would be!"
said the mother, and she sat her down beside the daughter and started crying too.

Mrs. Dashwood entered into all their feelings with a warmth which left her no inclination for checking this excessive display of them.
To her it was but the natural consequence of a strong affection in a young and ardent mind.
This was the season of happiness to Marianne.
Her heart was devoted to Willoughby, and the fond attachment to Norland, which she brought with her from Sussex, was more likely to be softened than she had thought it possible before, by the charms which his society bestowed on her present home.
Elinor's happiness was not so great.
Her heart was not so much at ease, nor her satisfaction in their amusements so pure.
They afforded her no companion that could make amends for what she had left behind, nor that could teach her to think of Norland with less regret than ever.
Neither Lady Middleton nor Mrs. Jennings could supply to her the conversation she missed; although the latter was an everlasting talker, and from the first had regarded her with a kindness which ensured her a large share of her discourse.
She had already repeated her own history to Elinor three or four times; and had Elinor's memory been equal to her means of improvement, she might have known very early in their acquaintance all the particulars of Mr. Jennings's last illness, and what he said to his wife a few minutes before he died.
Lady Middleton was more agreeable than her mother only in being more silent.
Elinor needed little observation to perceive that her reserve was a mere calmness of manner with which sense had nothing to do.
Towards her husband and mother she was the same as to them; and intimacy was therefore neither to be looked for nor desired.

I thought it was some food put out for me in that basin, and I ate it all.
If I have made a mistake I beg you to forgive me!
tweet, tweet, tweet!"
You see from this that the sparrow was a truthful bird, and the old woman ought to have been willing to forgive her at once when she asked her pardon so nicely.
But not so.
The old woman had never loved the sparrow, and had often quarreled with her husband for keeping what she called a dirty bird about the house, saying that it only made extra work for her.
Now she was only too delighted to have some cause of complaint against the pet.
She scolded and even cursed the poor little bird for her bad behavior, and not content with using these harsh, unfeeling words, in a fit of rage she seized the sparrow who all this time had spread out her wings and bowed her head before the old woman, to show how sorry she was and fetched the scissors and cut off the poor little bird's tongue.
"I suppose you took my starch with that tongue!
Now you may see what it is like to go without it!"
And with these dreadful words she drove the bird away, not caring in the least what might happen to it and without the smallest pity for its suffering, so unkind was she!
The old woman, after she had driven the sparrow away, made some more rice-paste, grumbling all the time at the trouble, and after starching all her clothes, spread the things on boards to dry in the sun, instead of ironing them as they do in England.

My old pain has given me a power that has brought us through the barrier, and gained us news of Charles there, and brought us here.
I knew it would be so; I knew I could help Charles out of all danger; I told Lucie so.
What is that noise?” His hand was again upon the window.
“Don't look!” cried Mr. Lorry, absolutely desperate.
“No, Lucie, my dear, nor you!” He got his arm round her, and held her.
“Don't be so terrified, my love.
I solemnly swear to you that I know of no harm having happened to Charles; that I had no suspicion even of his being in this fatal place.
What prison is he in?”
“La Force!”
“La Force!
Lucie, my child, if ever you were brave and serviceable in your life and you were always both you will compose yourself now, to do exactly as I bid you; for more depends upon it than you can think, or I can say.
There is no help for you in any action on your part to-night; you cannot possibly stir out.
I say this, because what I must bid you to do for Charles's sake, is the hardest thing to do of all.
You must instantly be obedient, still, and quiet.

His temper is a little uncertain at present, as he has not yet settled down."
"Who the deuce is Rollo?"
"His lordship's bull-terrier, sir.
His lordship won him in a raffle, and tied him to the leg of the table.
If you will allow me, sir, I will go in and switch on the light."
There really is nobody like Jeeves.
He walked straight into the sitting-room, the biggest feat since Daniel and the lions' den, without a quiver.
What's more, his magnetism or whatever they call it was such that the dashed animal, instead of pinning him by the leg, calmed down as if he had had a bromide, and rolled over on his back with all his paws in the air.
If Jeeves had been his rich uncle he couldn't have been more chummy.
Yet directly he caught sight of me again, he got all worked up and seemed to have only one idea in life to start chewing me where he had left off.
"Rollo is not used to you yet, sir," said Jeeves, regarding the bally quadruped in an admiring sort of way.
"He is an excellent watchdog."

She was captured by the boarding-crew, but there was not a man left of her own crew to haul down the colors.
Other victories followed on the sea, and American privateers had more fun than anybody.
Madison was re-elected, thus showing that his style of administration suited one and all, and the war was prosecuted at a great rate.
It became a sort of fight with Canada, the latter being supported by English arms by land and sea.
Of course the Americans would have preferred to fight England direct, and many were in favor of attacking London: but when the commanding officer asked those of the army who had the means to go abroad to please raise their right hands, it was found that the trip must be abandoned.
Those who had the means to go did not have suitable clothes for making a respectable appearance, and so it was given up.
Three divisions were made of the army, all having an attack on Canada as the object in view, viz., the army of the Centre, the army of the North, and the army of the West.
The armies of the Centre and North did not do much, aside from the trifling victory at York, and President Madison said afterwards in a letter to the writer's family that the two armies did not accomplish enough to pay the duty on them.
The army of the West managed to stand off the British, though the latter still held Michigan and threatened Ohio.
September 10, Perry's victory on Lake Erie occurred, and was well received.
Perry was twenty-seven years old, and was given command of a flotilla on Lake Erie, provided he would cut the timber and build it, meantime boarding himself.
The British had long been in possession of Lake Erie, and when Perry got his scows afloat they issued invitations for a general display of carnage.

When she was again in his arms, he said to her:
“And now speak to your father, dearest.
No other man in all this France could have done what he has done for me.”
She laid her head upon her father's breast, as she had laid his poor head on her own breast, long, long ago.
He was happy in the return he had made her, he was recompensed for his suffering, he was proud of his strength.
“You must not be weak, my darling,” he remonstrated; “don't tremble so.
I have saved him.”
VII.
A Knock at the Door 
“I have saved him.” It was not another of the dreams in which he had often come back; he was really here.
And yet his wife trembled, and a vague but heavy fear was upon her.
All the air round was so thick and dark, the people were so passionately revengeful and fitful, the innocent were so constantly put to death on vague suspicion and black malice, it was so impossible to forget that many as blameless as her husband and as dear to others as he was to her, every day shared the fate from which he had been clutched, that her heart could not be as lightened of its load as she felt it ought to be.
The shadows of the wintry afternoon were beginning to fall, and even now the dreadful carts were rolling through the streets.
Her mind pursued them, looking for him among the Condemned; and then she clung closer to his real presence and trembled more.
Her father, cheering her, showed a compassionate superiority to this woman's weakness, which was wonderful to see.
No garret, no shoemaking, no One Hundred and Five, North Tower, now!

"They don't have turkeys, and they know that Priscilla wasn't a common turkey; perhaps they won't know the difference," said Minty.
"Anyway, it will give us time to get Priscilla out of the way.
If Aunt Kittredge finds out, she will have her killed right away."
"You go and get the wing off the minister's daughter's hat, Mint,"
directed Jason firmly.
Minty worked with trembling fingers in the chilly seclusion of the spare chamber, but she made a neat package.
And she stuck on to the hat in place of the wing some feathers from the white rooster.
There was an awful moment as Uncle and Aunt Piper were leaving.
"Just let me see whether he's got a real handsome wing," said Aunt Kittredge, taking the package which Minty had put into Aunt Piper's hand.
"Malachi is in considerable of a hurry, and they've done it up so nice," said Aunt Piper.
"There!
I 'most forgot my sauce dishes, and Sabriny's going to have company to-morrow!"
Minty drew a long breath of relief as the carriage disappeared down the lane, and Jason privately confided to her his opinion that she was "an orfle smart girl."

my brother, the pitcher will not dip."
The water continued to rise, and when it reached her waist, she cried again:
    "Oh!
my brother, the water reaches to my waist,     Still, Oh!
my brother, the pitcher will not dip."
The water still rose, and when it reached her neck she kept on crying:
    "Oh!
my brother, the water reaches to my neck,     Still, Oh!
my brother, the pitcher will not dip."
At length the water became so deep that she felt herself drowning, then she cried aloud:
    "Oh!
my brother, the water measures a man's height,     Oh!
my brother, the pitcher begins to fill."
The pitcher filled with water, and along with it she sank and was drowned.
The Bonga then transformed her into a Bonga like himself, and carried her off.

A terrible despair fell on Van Baerle, but he refused to escape when Rosa, the gaoler's beautiful daughter, suggested it to him.
He was brought to trial, and though he denied all knowledge of the correspondence, his goods were confiscated, and he was condemned to death.
He bequeathed his three tulip bulbs to Rosa, explained how she must get a certain soil from Dordrecht, and went out calmly to die.
On the scaffold Van Baerle was reprieved and sentenced to perpetual imprisonment, for the Prince of Orange shrank from further bloodshed.
One spectator in the crowd was bitterly disappointed.
This was Boxtel, who had bribed the headsman to let him have Van Baerle's clothes, believing that he would thus obtain the priceless bulbs.
Van Baerle was sent to the prison of Loewenstein, and in February 1673, when he was thinking his tulips lost for ever, he heard Rosa's voice.
Gryphus had applied for the gaolership of Loewenstein, and had been appointed.
Nothing could persuade him that if Van Baerle was not a traitor he was certainly in league with the devil, like all learned men, and he did all he could to mortify and annoy his prisoner.
But Rosa would come every night when her father, stupefied by gin, was asleep, and talk to Cornelius through the barred grating of his cell door.
He taught her to read, and together they planned how the tulip bulbs should be brought to flower.
One bulb Rosa was to plant, the second Van Baerle would cultivate in his cell with soil placed in an old water jug, and the third was to be kept in reserve.

He is certainly of much greater importance than the weathercock, who is so highly placed, and who can't even creak, much less crow besides, he has neither hens nor chickens, and thinks only of himself, and perspires verdigris.
But the yard cock is something like a cock.
His gait is like a dance, and his crowing is music, and wherever he goes it is instantly known.
What a trumpeter he is!
If he would only come in here!
Even if he were to eat me up, stalk and all, it would be a pleasant death."
So said the Cucumber.
During the night the weather became very bad; hens, chickens, and even the cock himself sought shelter.
The wind blew down with a crash the partition between the two yards, and the tiles came tumbling from the roof, but the weathercock stood firm.
He did not even turn round; in fact, he could not, although he was fresh and newly cast.
He had been born full grown and did not at all resemble the birds, such as the sparrows and swallows, that fly beneath the vault of heaven.
He despised them and looked upon them as little twittering birds that were made only to sing.

I want nothing!
I was delirious, do not dare to triumph!
I curse every one of you, once for all!”
Breath failed him here, and he was obliged to stop.
“He is ashamed of his tears!” whispered Lebedeff to Lizabetha Prokofievna.
“It was inevitable.
Ah!
what a wonderful man the prince is!
He read his very soul.”
But Mrs. Epanchin would not deign to look at Lebedeff.
Drawn up haughtily, with her head held high, she gazed at the “riff-raff,”
 with scornful curiosity.
When Hippolyte had finished, Ivan Fedorovitch shrugged his shoulders, and his wife looked him angrily up and down, as if to demand the meaning of his movement.
Then she turned to the prince.
“Thanks, prince, many thanks, eccentric friend of the family, for the pleasant evening you have provided for us.

At last I came to the wood and saw this house.
She could not give me a baby as Rob said she would, but she gave me some tea, and bread and butter with sugar on it.
We only have that on Sunday at home.
Is this Sunday?"
"No, little miss," said the man.
"But I expect you had it just for a treat, as you had got lost."
But just then steps were heard on the path, and there was a sharp knock at the door.
The latch was lifted, and a voice said, 
"Have you seen a little girl in a white frock pass this way?"
"Why, that must be Nurse," cried Meg.
In spite of being cross at Meg's having run away, Nurse had to laugh; then she bent down and said, "But what made you run away like this, Miss Meg?"
"Rob told me that if I came to the house in the wood I should find a real live baby; but he was wrong, for she," with a smile at Mrs.
Stone, "is very nice, but she has not got a baby to give me."
"Of course not, child; but do you know that I have some news for you?"

A Fox, who had gone round them at a distance several times, saw them both stretched on the ground with the Kid lying untouched in the middle.
He ran in between them, and seizing the Kid scampered off as fast as he could.
The Lion and the Bear saw him, but not being able to get up, said, “Woe be to us, that we should have fought and belabored ourselves only to serve the turn of a Fox.”
It sometimes happens that one man has all the toil, and another all the profit.
The Doe and the Lion 
A DOE hard pressed by hunters sought refuge in a cave belonging to a Lion.
The Lion concealed himself on seeing her approach, but when she was safe within the cave, sprang upon her and tore her to pieces.
“Woe is me,” exclaimed the Doe, “who have escaped from man, only to throw myself into the mouth of a wild beast?”
In avoiding one evil, care must be taken not to fall into another.
The Farmer and the Fox 
A FARMER, who bore a grudge against a Fox for robbing his poultry yard, caught him at last, and being determined to take an ample revenge, tied some rope well soaked in oil to his tail, and set it on fire.
The Fox by a strange fatality rushed to the fields of the Farmer who had captured him.
It was the time of the wheat harvest; but the Farmer reaped nothing that year and returned home grieving sorely.
The Seagull and the Kite 
A SEAGULL having bolted down too large a fish, burst its deep gullet-bag and lay down on the shore to die.
A Kite saw him and exclaimed: “You richly deserve your fate; for a bird of the air has no business to seek its food from the sea.”
Every man should be content to mind his own business.
The Philosopher, the Ants, and Mercury 
A PHILOSOPHER witnessed from the shore the shipwreck of a vessel, of which the crew and passengers were all drowned.

"Our future, our ambition!"
replied D'Artagnan bitterly.
"What do we need to think of that for, if we are to save the king?
The king saved, we shall assemble our friends together, reconquer England, and place him securely on the throne."
"And he shall make us dukes and peers," said Porthos joyfully at this cheerful prospect.
"Or he will forget us," added D'Artagnan.
"Then," said Athos, offering his hand to D'Artagnan, "I swear to you, my friend, by the God who hears us, I believe there is a power watching over us, and I look forward to our all meeting in France again."
"So be it!"
said D'Artagnan; "but I confess I have quite a contrary conviction.
However, 'tis settled; but I stay in England only on one condition, that I don't have to learn the language."
The attempt to rescue Charles from his guards on the way to London was only frustrated by the sudden arrival of General Harrison, with a large body of soldiers, and D'Artagnan and his friends made their escape by a hasty flight, and followed to London.
"We must see this tragedy played out to the end," said Athos.

Strong on the wing, U Klew soared higher and higher, never halting till he reached the sky and alighted at the palace of Ka Sngi, the most beautiful of all maidens and the most good.
Now Ka Sngi was destined to live alone in her grand palace, and her heart often yearned for companionship.
When she saw that a stranger had alighted at her gates she rejoiced greatly, and hastened to receive him with courtesy and welcome.
When she learned the errand upon which he had come, she was still happier, for she thought, "I shall never pine for companionship again, for this noble bird will always live with me"; and she smiled upon the world and was glad.
When U Klew left the earth and entered the realm of light and sunshine, he did not cast from him his selfish and conceited nature, but rather his selfishness and conceit grew more pronounced as his comforts and luxuries increased.
Seeing the eager welcome extended to him by the beautiful maiden, he became more uplifted and exacting than ever and demanded all sorts of services at her hands; he grew surly and cross unless she was always in attendance upon him.
Ka Sngi, on the other hand, was noble and generous and delighted to render kindnesses to others.
She loved to shine upon the world and to see it responding to her warmth and her smiles.
To her mate, U Klew, she gave unstinted attention and waited upon him with unparalleled love and devotion, which he received with cold indifference, considering that all this attention was due to his own personal greatness, rather than to the gracious and unselfish devotion of his consort.
In former times Ka Sngi had found one of the chief outlets for her munificence in shedding her warm rays upon the earth; but after the coming of U Klew her time became so absorbed by him that she was no longer able to leave her palace, so the earth became cold and dreary, and the birds in the jungle became cheerless, their feathers drooped, and their songs ceased.
U Slap, the rain, came and pelted their cosy nests without mercy, causing their young ones to die; U Lyoh, the mist, brought his dark clouds and hung them over the rice fields so that no grain ripened; and Ka Eriong, the storm, shook the trees, destroying all the fruit, so that the birds wandered about homeless and without food.
In their great misery they sought counsel of mankind, whom they knew to be wiser than any of the animals.

Dear little girl!
She's so ambitious, but her heart is good and tender, and no matter how high she flies, she never will forget home.
I hope I shall see her again, but she seems so far away."
"She is coming in the spring, and I mean that you shall be all ready to see and enjoy her.
I'm going to have you well and rosy by that time,"
began Jo, feeling that of all the changes in Beth, the talking change was the greatest, for it seemed to cost no effort now, and she thought aloud in a way quite unlike bashful Beth.
"Jo, dear, don't hope any more.
It won't do any good.
I'm sure of that.
We won't be miserable, but enjoy being together while we wait.
We'll have happy times, for I don't suffer much, and I think the tide will go out easily, if you help me."
Jo leaned down to kiss the tranquil face, and with that silent kiss, she dedicated herself soul and body to Beth.
She was right.

"No!"
cried the children with alarm.
"Are they?"
"If ever you find them becoming forked," said the gentleman in solemn tones, "let me know."
With which he departed, gravely shaking his head.
In the afternoon the children attacked him again.
"Do tell us what's the matter with our tongues."
"You were snapping and squabbling just as usual this morning," said the hot-tempered gentleman.
"Well, we forgot," said Polly.
"We don't mean anything, you know.
But never mind that now, please.
Tell us about our tongues.

The people thought of the dragon's tail and said, "Hear, hear."
Uncle James went on: "Something has happened to a gentle and defenseless member of our community.
We don't know what has happened."
Everyone thought of the rabbit named Frederick, and groaned.
"The defenses of our country have been swallowed up," said Uncle James.
Everyone thought of the poor army.
"There is only one thing to be done."
Uncle James was warming to his subject.
"Could we ever forgive ourselves if by neglecting a simple precaution we lost more rabbits or even, perhaps, our navy, our police, and our fire brigade?
For I warn you that the purple dragon will respect nothing, however sacred."
Everyone thought of themselves and they said, "What is the simple precaution?"
Then Uncle James said: "Tomorrow is the dragon's birthday.

You should take care of yourself; what is the use of holding a conversation now?
Go home to bed, do!” cried Mrs. Epanchin in horror.
“When I do go to bed I shall never get up again,” said Hippolyte, with a smile.
“I meant to take to my bed yesterday and stay there till I died, but as my legs can still carry me, I put it off for two days, so as to come here with them to-day but I am very tired.”
“Oh, sit down, sit down, why are you standing?”
Lizabetha Prokofievna placed a chair for him with her own hands.
“Thank you,” he said gently.
“Sit opposite to me, and let us talk.
We must have a talk now, Lizabetha Prokofievna; I am very anxious for it.”
 He smiled at her once more.
“Remember that today, for the last time, I am out in the air, and in the company of my fellow-men, and that in a fortnight I shall certainly be no longer in this world.
So, in a way, this is my farewell to nature and to men.
I am not very sentimental, but do you know, I am quite glad that all this has happened at Pavlofsk, where at least one can see a green tree.”
“But why talk now?” replied Lizabetha Prokofievna, more and more alarmed; “You are quite feverish.
Just now you would not stop shouting, and now you can hardly breathe.
You are gasping.”
“I shall have time to rest.

Now if this doctor's wife, though a lady of great courage and spirit, had suffered so intensely from this cause before her little child was born ”
“The little child was a daughter, sir.”
“A daughter.
A-a-matter of business don't be distressed.
Miss, if the poor lady had suffered so intensely before her little child was born, that she came to the determination of sparing the poor child the inheritance of any part of the agony she had known the pains of, by rearing her in the belief that her father was dead No, don't kneel!
In Heaven's name why should you kneel to me!”
“For the truth.
O dear, good, compassionate sir, for the truth!”
“A a matter of business.
You confuse me, and how can I transact business if I am confused?
Let us be clear-headed.
If you could kindly mention now, for instance, what nine times ninepence are, or how many shillings in twenty guineas, it would be so encouraging.
I should be so much more at my ease about your state of mind.”
Without directly answering to this appeal, she sat so still when he had very gently raised her, and the hands that had not ceased to clasp his wrists were so much more steady than they had been, that she communicated some reassurance to Mr. Jarvis Lorry.
“That's right, that's right.
Courage!
Business!

He found this kind of life, however, extremely dull, accustomed as he was to the free life of the woods, and at last he said:
"No one knows that it was I who killed the crab!
I am sure that the old thing breathed his last before I left him.
Dead crabs have no mouths!
Who is there to tell that I am the murderer?
Since no one knows, what is the use of shutting myself up and brooding over the matter?
What is done cannot be undone!"
With this he wandered out into the crab settlement and crept about as slyly as possible near the crab's house and tried to hear the neighbors' gossip round about.
He wanted to find out what the crabs were saving about their chief's death, for the old crab had been the chief of the tribe.
But he heard nothing and said to himself:
"They are all such fools that they don't know and don't care who murdered their chief!"
Little did he know in his so-called "monkey's wisdom" that this seeming unconcern was part of the young crab's plan.
He purposely pretended not to know who killed his father, and also to believe that he had met his death through his own fault.
By this means he could the better keep secret the revenge on the monkey, which he was meditating.

Craven had it shut when his wife died so sudden.
He won’t let no one go inside.
It was her garden.
He locked th’ door an’ dug a hole and buried th’ key.
There’s Mrs. Medlock’s bell ringing—I must run.”
After she was gone Mary turned down the walk which led to the door in the shrubbery.
She could not help thinking about the garden which no one had been into for ten years.
She wondered what it would look like and whether there were any flowers still alive in it.
When she had passed through the shrubbery gate she found herself in great gardens, with wide lawns and winding walks with clipped borders.
There were trees, and flower-beds, and evergreens clipped into strange shapes, and a large pool with an old gray fountain in its midst.
But the flower-beds were bare and wintry and the fountain was not playing.
This was not the garden which was shut up.
How could a garden be shut up?

"For the love of Mike," said her brother, irritably, "don't snort like that, Marion."
"Very well, dear."
Betty had not taken her eyes off him from his first word.
An unbiased observer would have said that she made a pretty picture, standing there, in her white dress, but in the matter of pictures, still life was evidently what Mr. Scobell preferred for his gaze never wandered from the cigar stump which he had removed from his mouth in order to knock off the ash.
Betty continued to regard him steadfastly.
The shock of his words had to some extent numbed her.
At this moment she was merely thinking, quite dispassionately, what a singularly nasty little man he looked, and wondering not for the first time what strange quality, invisible to everybody else, it had been in him that had made her mother his adoring slave during the whole of their married life.
Then her mind began to work actively once more.
She was a Western girl, and an insistence on freedom was the first article in her creed.
A great rush of anger filled her, that this man should set himself up to dictate to her.
"Do you mean that you want me to marry this Prince?"
she said.

You’re mad!
Here is the note written in pencil over here.”
“And over here is what appears to be the fragment of a hotel bill, which interests me deeply.”
“There’s nothing in it.
I looked at it before,” said Lestrade.
“‘Oct.
4th, rooms 8s., breakfast 2s.
6d., cocktail 1s., lunch 2s.
6d., glass sherry, 8d.’ I see nothing in that.”
“Very likely not.
It is most important, all the same.
As to the note, it is important also, or at least the initials are, so I congratulate you again.”
“I’ve wasted time enough,” said Lestrade, rising.
“I believe in hard work and not in sitting by the fire spinning fine theories.
Good-day, Mr. Holmes, and we shall see which gets to the bottom of the matter first.” He gathered up the garments, thrust them into the bag, and made for the door.
“Just one hint to you, Lestrade,” drawled Holmes before his rival vanished; “I will tell you the true solution of the matter.

As soon as the Marionette felt his new feet, he gave one leap from the table and started to skip and jump around, as if he had lost his head from very joy.
“To show you how grateful I am to you, Father, I’ll go to school now.
But to go to school I need a suit of clothes.”
Geppetto did not have a penny in his pocket, so he made his son a little suit of flowered paper, a pair of shoes from the bark of a tree, and a tiny cap from a bit of dough.
Pinocchio ran to look at himself in a bowl of water, and he felt so happy that he said proudly:
“Now I look like a gentleman.”
“Truly,” answered Geppetto.
“But remember that fine clothes do not make the man unless they be neat and clean.”
“Very true,” answered Pinocchio, “but, in order to go to school, I still need something very important.”
“What is it?”
“An A-B-C book.”
“To be sure!
But how shall we get it?”
“That’s easy.
We’ll go to a bookstore and buy it.”
“And the money?”
“I have none.”
“Neither have I,” said the old man sadly.
Pinocchio, although a happy boy always, became sad and downcast at these words.
When poverty shows itself, even mischievous boys understand what it means.
“What does it matter, after all?” cried Geppetto all at once, as he jumped up from his chair.
Putting on his old coat, full of darns and patches, he ran out of the house without another word.
After a while he returned.

You shouldn't eat sweets,' and my uncle is always asking me things like, 'When did Edward the Third ascend the throne?'
and, 'Who died of a surfeit of lampreys?'"
Sara laughed.
"People you never speak to can't ask you questions like that," she said; "and I'm sure the Indian gentleman wouldn't even if he was quite intimate with you.
I am fond of him."
She had become fond of the Large Family because they looked happy; but she had become fond of the Indian gentleman because he looked unhappy.
He had evidently not fully recovered from some very severe illness.
In the kitchen where, of course, the servants, through some mysterious means, knew everything there was much discussion of his case.
He was not an Indian gentleman really, but an Englishman who had lived in India.
He had met with great misfortunes which had for a time so imperilled his whole fortune that he had thought himself ruined and disgraced forever.
The shock had been so great that he had almost died of brain fever; and ever since he had been shattered in health, though his fortunes had changed and all his possessions had been restored to him.
His trouble and peril had been connected with mines.

"Nope.
Dat's right.
Dere ain't a T'ree Pointer wit'in a mile.
De cops have been loadin' dem into de patrol-wagon by de dozen."
John turned to Betty.
"We'll go and have dinner somewhere.
You haven't begun to explain things yet."
Betty shook her head with a smile.
"I haven't got time to go out to dinners," she said.
"I'm a working-girl.
I'm cashier at Fontelli's Italian Restaurant.
I shall be on duty in another half-hour."

h-m!
I trust, Mistress Perkins, you submit to the Divine Will with meekness."
"Well, I don't know," replied Hannah, with a queer little twinkle in her eye.
"I don't believe I be as meek as Moses, parson.
I should like things fixed different, to speak truth."
"Dear me!
Dear me h-m!
h-m!
My good woman, the Lord reigneth.
You must submit; you must submit.
You know it is the duty of a vessel of wrath to be broken to pieces if it glorifieth the Maker."
"Well, mebbe 'tis.

Now, when the Lassie had grown to be big enough to know right and wrong, her Foster-mother got ready to go on a journey.
"You have my leave," she said, "to go all over the house, except those rooms which I shew you;" and when she had said that, away she went.
But the Lassie could not forbear just to open one of the doors a little bit, when POP!
out flew a Star.
When her Foster-mother came back, she was very vexed to find that the star had flown out, and she got very angry with her Foster-daughter, and threatened to send her away; but the child cried and begged so hard that she got leave to stay.
Now, after a while, the Foster-mother had to go on another journey; and, before she went, she forbade the Lassie to go into those two rooms into which she had never been.
She promised to beware; but when she was left alone, she began to think and to wonder what there could be in the second room, and at last she could not help setting the door a little ajar, just to peep in, when POP!
out flew the Moon.
When her Foster-mother came home and found the moon let out, she was very downcast, and said to the Lassie she must go away, she could not stay with her any longer.
But the Lassie wept so bitterly, and prayed so heartily for forgiveness, that this time, too, she got leave to stay.
Some time after, the Foster-mother had to go away again, and she charged the Lassie, who by this time was half grown up, most earnestly that she mustn't try to go into, or to peep into, the third room.
But when her Foster-mother had been gone some time, and the Lassie was weary of walking about alone, all at once she thought, "Dear me, what fun it would be just to peep a little into that third room."

puffed the Scarecrow.
"Whooosh!"
gasped the Patchwork Girl.
Colliding suddenly as they met headlong at a sharp turn in the garden path, both the Scarecrow and the Patchwork Girl tumbled in a heap on the garden walk.
A moment later they had risen to sitting positions and were regarding each other comically.
The Patchwork Girl was a sorry sight.
The high-grade cotton in her patchwork or "crazy quilt" body was bunched together in all the wrong places.
After running and dancing a great deal that morning as she always did the Patchwork Girl's body had sagged and she had grown dumpy in appearance.
When this happened she always lay down and rolled about until she had resumed her original plump shape.
Now after her abrupt meeting with the Scarecrow her figure was in bad need of attention.
The pointed toes of the red leather shoes sewn on her feet stood straight up.
Her fingers, carefully formed and fitted with gold plates for finger nails, dug into the path on which she sat.

Instantly Mr. Podington was on the shore and running at the top of his speed toward the horse.
The astounded animal had scarcely begun to struggle to his feet when Podington rushed upon him, pressed his head back to the ground, and sat upon it.
"Hurrah!"
he cried, waving his hat above his head.
"Get out, Buller; he is all right now!"
Presently Mr. Buller approached, very much shaken up.
"All right?"
he said.
"I don't call a horse flat in a road with a man on his head all right; but hold him down till we get him loose from my boat.
That is the thing to do.
William, cast him loose from the boat before you let him up!
What will he do when he gets up?"

I guessed how it would end."
"And yet two thousand a-year is a very moderate income," said Marianne.
"A family cannot well be maintained on a smaller.
I am sure I am not extravagant in my demands.
A proper establishment of servants, a carriage, perhaps two, and hunters, cannot be supported on less."
Elinor smiled again, to hear her sister describing so accurately their future expenses at Combe Magna.
"Hunters!"
repeated Edward "but why must you have hunters?
Every body does not hunt."
Marianne coloured as she replied, "But most people do."
"I wish," said Margaret, striking out a novel thought, "that somebody would give us all a large fortune apiece!"
"Oh that they would!"

"Well, I don't care," she added, finally.
"Will you?"
"Yes."
"When's yours going to be killed?"
"This afternoon."
"So's ours.
Then we'll find out."
Sarah tucked Thankful closer under her shawl.
"I know our turkey is biggest," said she.
She looked very sober, although her voice was defiant.
Just then the great turkey came swinging through the yard.
He held up his head proudly and gobbled.

"Sure thing," agreed the Kid.
"In the first place," continued Smith, "would it be betraying professional secrets if you told us which particular bevy of energetic cutthroats it is to which you are attached?"
"Gent," explained the Kid, "wants to know what's your gang."
The man on the ground muttered something that to Smith and John was unintelligible.
"It would be a charity," said the former, "if some philanthropist would give this fellow elocution lessons.
Can you interpret, Comrade Brady?"
"Says it's the Three Points," said the Kid.
"The Three Points?
That's Spider Reilly's lot.
Perhaps this is Spider Reilly?"
"Nope," said the Kid.
"I know the Spider.

"Papa won't mind.
Is that your bird?"
"No; it's me.
I whistled."
"It's very pretty.
Do it again," commanded the voice, as if used to give orders.
Johnny obeyed; and when he paused, out of breath, a small hand came through the hole, grasping as many lilies of the valley as it could hold, and the Princess graciously expressed her pleasure by saying, 
"I like it; you shall do it again, by and by.
Here are some flowers for you.
Now we will talk.
Are you a nice boy?"
This was a poser; and Johnny answered meekly, with his nose luxuriously buried in the lovely flowers, 
"Not very, I'm lame; I can't play like other fellers."
"Porverino!"

I cannot even crack a nut!” and then he said to the tailor, “Here, crack me the nuts.” “There, see what a stupid fellow thou art!” said the little tailor, “to have such a great mouth, and not be able to crack a small nut!” Then he took the pebble and nimbly put a nut in his mouth in the place of it, and crack, it was in two!
“I must try the thing again,” said the bear; “when I watch you, I then think I ought to be able to do it too.” So the tailor once more gave him a pebble, and the bear tried and tried to bite into it with all the strength of his body.
But no one will imagine that he accomplished it.
When that was over, the tailor took out a violin from beneath his coat, and played a piece of it to himself.
When the bear heard the music, he could not help beginning to dance, and when he had danced a while, the thing pleased him so well that he said to the little tailor, “Hark you, is the fiddle heavy?” “Light enough for a child.
Look, with the left hand I lay my fingers on it, and with the right I stroke it with the bow, and then it goes merrily, hop sa sa vivallalera!” “So,” said the bear; “fiddling is a thing I should like to understand too, that I might dance whenever I had a fancy.
What dost thou think of that?
Wilt thou give me lessons?” “With all my heart,” said the tailor, “if thou hast a talent for it.
But just let me see thy claws, they are terribly long, I must cut thy nails a little.” Then a vise was brought, and the bear put his claws in it, and the little tailor screwed it tight, and said, “Now wait until I come with the scissors,” and he let the bear growl as he liked, and lay down in the corner on a bundle of straw, and fell asleep.
When the princess heard the bear growling so fiercely during the night, she believed nothing else but that he was growling for joy, and had made an end of the tailor.
In the morning she arose careless and happy, but when she peeped into the stable, the tailor stood gaily before her, and was as healthy as a fish in water.
Now she could not say another word against the wedding because she had given a promise before every one, and the King ordered a carriage to be brought in which she was to drive to church with the tailor, and there she was to be married.

"Had good luck?"
And the man laughed.
"First-rate.
Got a raccoon in our trap, and we want you to come and shoot him," answered Tommy, proudly.
"Sure?"
said the man, looking interested as well as amused.
"No, but I think so."
"What's he like?"
Tommy described him, and was much disappointed when the man lay down again, saying, with another laugh, 
"It's a woodchuck; he's no good."
"But I want the skin."
"Then don't shoot him, let him die; that's better for the skin," said the man, who was tired and didn't want to stop for such poor game.
All this time Billy had been staring hard at the sandwiches and bread and cheese on the floor, and sniffing at them, as the dog sniffed at him.

The frog, meantime, had also gone home and told his wife of the narrow escape he had from the snake, and how a man had saved him from its very jaws.
"Go back," said she, "and serve him, to prove your gratitude."
So he also took the form of a man and offered himself as a servant to the Rajah.
"Come," said he, "and we three will live together."
Then they entered a city belonging to a great King, and the three of them offered to work for him.
"But," said the young Rajah, "I will only work on condition that you pay me a thousand rupees a day."
To this the King agreed, and they were employed by him.
The young Rajah gave his own two followers one hundred rupees a day; and, after putting aside one hundred for his own requirements, distributed the rest in charity.
One day the King went to take a bath in the tank, or pond, and while bathing, his ring slipped off and fell into the water.
He therefore called the young Rajah and said to him: "Go and get my ring which is in that tank."
This made the youth very sad, "For," thought he, "how am I to get a ring from the bottom of a tank?"
But his servant who had once been a frog begged him not to be sad, and said: "I will get it for you."

Neither of them could stop naughty Jocko, who liked this game, and ran up on the high shelves among the toys.
Then down came little tubs and dolls' stoves, tin trumpets and cradles, while boxes of leaden soldiers and whole villages flew through the air, smash, bang, rattle, bump, all over the floor.
The man scolded, Neddy cried, the boys shouted, and there was a lively time in that shop till a good slapping with a long stick made Jock tumble into a tub of water where some curious fishes lived, and then they caught him.
Neddy was much ashamed, and told the man his aunt would pay for all the broken things.
Then he took his naughty pet, and started to go home and tie him up, for it was plain this monkey was not to be trusted.
But as soon as they got out, Jocko ran up a tree and dropped on to a load of hay passing underneath.
Here he danced and pranced, and had a fine time, throwing off the man's coat and rake, and eating some of the dinner tied up in a cloth.
The crusts of bread and the bones he threw at the horse; this new kind of whip frightened the horse, and he ran away down a steep hill, and upset the hay and broke the cart.
Oh, such a time!
It was worse than the candy scrape; for the man swore, and the horse was hurt, and people said the monkey ought to be shot, he did so much mischief.
Jocko didn't care a bit; he sat high up in a tree, and chattered and scolded, and swung by his tail, and was so droll that people couldn't help laughing at him.
Poor Neddy cried again, and went home to tell his troubles to Aunt Jane, fearing that it would take all the money in his bank to pay for the damage the bad monkey had done in one hour.

The Raja's son rode on and on till he came to a third jungle.
Here he found four fakirs whose teacher and master had died, and had left four things, a bed, which carried whoever sat on it whithersoever he wished to go; a bag, that gave its owner whatever he wanted, jewels, food, or clothes; a stone bowl that gave its owner as much water as he wanted, no matter how far he might be from a tank; and a stick and rope, to which its owner had only to say, if any one came to make war on him, "Stick, beat as many men and soldiers as are here," and the stick would beat them and the rope would tie them up.
The four fakirs were quarrelling over these four things.
One said, "I want this;" another said, "You cannot have it, for I want it;" and so on.
The Raja's son said to them, "Do not quarrel for these things.
I will shoot four arrows in four different directions.
Whichever of you gets to my first arrow, shall have the first thing the bed.
Whosoever gets to the second arrow, shall have the second thing the bag.
He who gets to the third arrow, shall have the third thing the bowl.
And he who gets to the fourth arrow, shall have the last things the stick and rope."
To this they agreed, and the prince shot off his first arrow.
Away raced the fakirs to get it.

H’m!
so you can see that there was a ‘scene,’ can you?
Well, it doesn’t matter much, for everyone must realize now that it is impossible to be hard on you.
Well, au revoir.
I advise you to have a walk, and then go to sleep again if you can.
Come in as usual, if you feel inclined; and be assured, once for all, whatever happens, and whatever may have happened, you shall always remain the friend of the family mine, at all events.
I can answer for myself.”
In response to this challenge all the others chimed in and re-echoed mamma’s sentiments.
And so they took their departure; but in this hasty and kindly designed visit there was hidden a fund of cruelty which Lizabetha Prokofievna never dreamed of.
In the words “as usual,” and again in her added, “mine, at all events,” there seemed an ominous knell of some evil to come.
The prince began to think of Aglaya.
She had certainly given him a wonderful smile, both at coming and again at leave-taking, but had not said a word, not even when the others all professed their friendship for him.
She had looked very intently at him, but that was all.

What do you mean saving money?"
"Why, the allowance your aunt was giving you.
I suppose she's paying all the expenses now, isn't she?"
"Certainly she is; but she's stopped the allowance.
She wrote the lawyers to-night.
She says that, now she's in New York, there is no necessity for it to go on, as we shall always be together, and it's simpler for her to look after that end of it.
I tell you, Bertie, I've examined the darned cloud with a microscope, and if it's got a silver lining it's some little dissembler!"
"But, Rocky, old top, it's too bally awful!
You've no notion of what I'm going through in this beastly hotel, without Jeeves.
I must get back to the flat."
"Don't come near the flat."
"But it's my own flat."

Going forward to the forecastle, we found the slide of the scuttle open.
Seeing a light, we went down, and found only an old rigger there, wrapped in a tattered pea-jacket.
He was thrown at whole length upon two chests, his face downwards and inclosed in his folded arms.
The profoundest slumber slept upon him.
“Those sailors we saw, Queequeg, where can they have gone to?” said I, looking dubiously at the sleeper.
But it seemed that, when on the wharf, Queequeg had not at all noticed what I now alluded to; hence I would have thought myself to have been optically deceived in that matter, were it not for Elijah’s otherwise inexplicable question.
But I beat the thing down; and again marking the sleeper, jocularly hinted to Queequeg that perhaps we had best sit up with the body; telling him to establish himself accordingly.
He put his hand upon the sleeper’s rear, as though feeling if it was soft enough; and then, without more ado, sat quietly down there.
“Gracious!
Queequeg, don’t sit there,” said I.
“Oh!
perry dood seat,” said Queequeg, “my country way; won’t hurt him face.”
“Face!” said I, “call that his face?

The first and second day went by; and when the third day came, Hyacinthia wept, and became a little blue flower growing by the roadside.
An old man came along, and digging up the flower carried it home with him and planted it in his garden.
He watered and tended it carefully, and one day the little flower became a beautiful maiden.
"Why did you not leave me to die by the roadside?"
she asked, and told the old man her story.
"To-morrow is Prince Milan's wedding day," said the old man.
Hyacinthia at once dried her tears, and presented herself at the palace, dressed like a peasant.
She went to the cook and asked to be allowed to make the wedding cake.
The cook was so struck with her beauty that he could not refuse the request.
When the guests were all seated about the table, Prince Milan was called upon to cut the cake.
As soon as he had done so, out flew two beautiful doves, which circled about his head.
"Dear mate," cried one of the doves, "do not leave me as Prince Milan left Hyacinthia."

Not so the poet; he remembered him and wrote down his thoughts on the subject: "How foolish it would be for the violin and the bow to boast of their performance, and yet we men often commit that folly.
The poet, the artist, the man of science in his laboratory, the general we all do it, and yet we are only the instruments which the Almighty uses.
To Him alone the honor is due.
We have nothing in ourselves of which we should be proud."
Yes, this is what the poet wrote.
He wrote it in the form of a parable and called it "The Master and the Instruments."
"That is what you get, madam," said the pen to the inkstand when the two were alone again.
"Did you hear him read aloud what I had written down?"
"Yes, what I gave you to write," retorted the inkstand.
"That was a cut at you, because of your conceit.
To think that you could not understand that you were being quizzed!
I gave you a cut from within me.

Let us go home, taking with us thy gracious word as our reward.
If thou choosest to be so kind, give us thine order which shall save us from the judges and tax-gatherers; and if we should be guilty of some offense, let thyself alone be our judge.
And do, we pray thee, pardon the seventh Simeon, our youngest brother.
His trade is surely bad, but he is not the first and not the last one to have such a gift."
"Let it be as you wish," said the Tsar; and every desire was granted to the seven Simeons, and each one of them received a big tumbler of strong green wine out of the hands of the Tsar himself.
Soon after this the wedding was celebrated.
Now, honorable dames and gentlemen, do not judge this story of mine too severely.
If you like it, praise it; if not, let it be forgotten.
The story is told and a word is like a sparrow once out it is out for good.
THE LANGUAGE OF THE BIRDS 
Somewhere in a town in holy Russia, there lived a rich merchant with his wife.
He had an only son, a dear, bright, and brave boy called Ivan.
One lovely day Ivan sat at the dinner table with his parents.

Now, my children, let the play end.
Unmask and receive my blessing."
But neither bent the knee, for the young bridegroom     replied in a tone that startled all listeners     as the mask fell, disclosing the noble face of Ferdinand     Devereux, the artist lover, and leaning on the     breast where now flashed the star of an English earl     was the lovely Viola, radiant with joy and beauty.
"My lord, you scornfully bade me claim your     daughter when I could boast as high a name and vast a     fortune as the Count Antonio.
I can do more, for even     your ambitious soul cannot refuse the Earl of Devereux     and De Vere, when he gives his ancient name and boundless     wealth in return for the beloved hand of this fair lady,     now my wife."
The count stood like one changed to stone, and     turning to the bewildered crowd, Ferdinand added, with     a gay smile of triumph, "To you, my gallant friends, I     can only wish that your wooing may prosper as mine has     done, and that you may all win as fair a bride as I have     by this masked marriage."
S.  PICKWICK 
    Why is the P.  C.  like the Tower of Babel?
It is full of unruly members.
THE HISTORY OF A SQUASH 
    Once upon a time a farmer planted a little seed     in his garden, and after a while it sprouted and became     a vine and bore many squashes.
One day in October,     when they were ripe, he picked one and took it     to market.
A grocerman bought and put it in his shop.
That same morning, a little girl in a brown hat     and blue dress, with a round face and snub nose, went     and bought it for her mother.

She upped and oped it, and what should she see but a small little black thing with a long tail.
That looked up at her right curious, and that said:
“What are you a-crying for?”
“What's that to you?” says she.
“Never you mind,” that said, “but tell me what you're a-crying for.”
“That won't do me no good if I do,” says she.
“You don't know that,” that said, and twirled that's tail round.
“Well,” says she, “that won't do no harm, if that don't do no good,” and she upped and told about the pies, and the skeins, and everything.
“This is what I'll do,” says the little black thing, “I'll come to your window every morning and take the flax and bring it spun at night.”
“What's your pay?” says she.
That looked out of the corner of that's eyes, and that said: “I'll give you three guesses every night to guess my name, and if you haven't guessed it before the month's up you shall be mine.”
Well, she thought she'd be sure to guess that's name before the month was up.
“All right,” says she, “I agree.”
“All right,” that says, and law!
how that twirled that's tail.
Well, the next day, her husband took her into the room, and there was the flax and the day's food.
“Now there's the flax,” says he, “and if that ain't spun up this night, off goes your head.” And then he went out and locked the door.
He'd hardly gone, when there was a knocking against the window.

She sat and looked out of the window, curious to see something of the road over which she was being driven to the queer place Mrs. Medlock had spoken of.
She was not at all a timid child and she was not exactly frightened, but she felt that there was no knowing what might happen in a house with a hundred rooms nearly all shut up—a house standing on the edge of a moor.
“What is a moor?” she said suddenly to Mrs. Medlock.
“Look out of the window in about ten minutes and you’ll see,” the woman answered.
“We’ve got to drive five miles across Missel Moor before we get to the Manor.
You won’t see much because it’s a dark night, but you can see something.”
Mary asked no more questions but waited in the darkness of her corner, keeping her eyes on the window.
The carriage lamps cast rays of light a little distance ahead of them and she caught glimpses of the things they passed.
After they had left the station they had driven through a tiny village and she had seen whitewashed cottages and the lights of a public house.
Then they had passed a church and a vicarage and a little shop-window or so in a cottage with toys and sweets and odd things set out for sale.
Then they were on the highroad and she saw hedges and trees.
After that there seemed nothing different for a long time—or at least it seemed a long time to her.
At last the horses began to go more slowly, as if they were climbing up-hill, and presently there seemed to be no more hedges and no more trees.

"Poor girls don't stand any chance, Belle says, unless they put themselves forward," sighed Meg.
"Then we'll be old maids," said Jo stoutly.
"Right, Jo.
Better be happy old maids than unhappy wives, or unmaidenly girls, running about to find husbands," said Mrs. March decidedly.
"Don't be troubled, Meg, poverty seldom daunts a sincere lover.
Some of the best and most honored women I know were poor girls, but so love-worthy that they were not allowed to be old maids.
Leave these things to time.
Make this home happy, so that you may be fit for homes of your own, if they are offered you, and contented here if they are not.
One thing remember, my girls.
Mother is always ready to be your confidant, Father to be your friend, and both of us hope and trust that our daughters, whether married or single, will be the pride and comfort of our lives."
"We will, Marmee, we will!"
cried both, with all their hearts, as she bade them good night.

The legs and feet remained to be done.
When Geppetto had finished the feet he received a kick on the point of the nose.
"I deserve it!"
he said to himself; "I should have thought of it sooner!
Now it is too late!"
He then took the puppet under the arms and placed him on the floor to teach him to walk.
Pinocchio's legs were stiff and he could not move, but Geppetto led him by the hand and showed him how to put one foot before the other.
When his legs became flexible Pinocchio began to walk by himself and to run about the room; until, having gone out of the house door, he jumped into the street and escaped.
Poor Geppetto rushed after him but was not able to overtake him, for that rascal Pinocchio leapt in front of him like a hare, and knocking his wooden feet together against the pavement made as much clatter as twenty pairs of peasant's clogs.
"Stop him!
stop him!"
shouted Geppetto; but the people in the street, seeing a wooden puppet running like a racehorse stood still in astonishment to look at it, and laughed, and laughed, and laughed, until it beats description....
IV 
THE FIRE-EATER FRIGHTENS PINOCCHIO 
When Pinocchio came into the little puppet theater, an incident occurred that almost produced a revolution.

Then, indeed, his patient mother gave him such a scolding as he had never had in all his life, and his father said that he deserved a sound pecking for his foolishness.
When the young Blue Jay showed that he was sorry for all the trouble that he had made, his parents let him have some supper and go to bed; but not until he had learned two sayings which he was always to remember.
And these were the sayings: "A really brave bird dares to be afraid of some things," and, "If you go near enough to see the tail of a danger, you may be struck by its head."
THE RED SQUIRRELS BEGIN HOUSEKEEPING 
The first thing that Mr. Red Squirrel did after coming to the forest and meeting the Gray Squirrel was to look for something to eat.
It was not a good season for a stranger who had no hidden store of nuts and seeds to draw upon.
The apples and corn were not ripe, and last year's seeds and acorns were nearly gone.
What few remained here and there had lost their sweet and wholesome taste.
Poor Mr. Red Squirrel began to wish that he had eaten breakfast before he ran away.
He even went to the edge of the forest and looked over toward the farmhouse, where his open cage hung in the sunshine.
He knew that there were nuts and a fresh bit of fruit inside of it, and his mouth watered at the thought of them, but he was a sensible young fellow, and he knew that if he went back to eat, the cage door would be snapped shut, and he would never again be free to scamper in the beautiful trees.
"I will starve first!"
he said to himself, and he was so much in earnest that he spoke quite loudly.

If Amy had been here, she'd have turned her back on him forever because, sad to relate, he had a great appetite, and shoveled in his dinner in a manner which would have horrified 'her ladyship'.
I didn't mind, for I like 'to see folks eat with a relish', as Hannah says, and the poor man must have needed a deal of food after teaching idiots all day.
As I went upstairs after dinner, two of the young men were settling their hats before the hall mirror, and I heard one say low to the other, "Who's the new party?"
"Governess, or something of that sort."
"What the deuce is she at our table for?"
"Friend of the old lady's."
"Handsome head, but no style."
"Not a bit of it.
Give us a light and come on."
I felt angry at first, and then I didn't care, for a governess is as good as a clerk, and I've got sense, if I haven't style, which is more than some people have, judging from the remarks of the elegant beings who clattered away, smoking like bad chimneys.
I hate ordinary people!
Thursday 
Yesterday was a quiet day spent in teaching, sewing, and writing in my little room, which is very cozy, with a light and fire.

“This lasted twenty-six hours from the time when I first saw her.
I had come and gone twice, and was again sitting by her, when she began to falter.
I did what little could be done to assist that opportunity, and by-and-bye she sank into a lethargy, and lay like the dead.
“It was as if the wind and rain had lulled at last, after a long and fearful storm.
I released her arms, and called the woman to assist me to compose her figure and the dress she had torn.
It was then that I knew her condition to be that of one in whom the first expectations of being a mother have arisen; and it was then that I lost the little hope I had had of her.
“'Is she dead?'
asked the Marquis, whom I will still describe as the elder brother, coming booted into the room from his horse.
“'Not dead,' said I; 'but like to die.'
“'What strength there is in these common bodies!'
he said, looking down at her with some curiosity.
“'There is prodigious strength,' I answered him, 'in sorrow and despair.'

“For the love of Heaven, of justice, of generosity, of the honour of your noble name!” was the poor prisoner's cry with which he strengthened his sinking heart, as he left all that was dear on earth behind him, and floated away for the Loadstone Rock.
The end of the second book.
Book the Third the Track of a Storm 
I.
In Secret 
The traveller fared slowly on his way, who fared towards Paris from England in the autumn of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two.
More than enough of bad roads, bad equipages, and bad horses, he would have encountered to delay him, though the fallen and unfortunate King of France had been upon his throne in all his glory; but, the changed times were fraught with other obstacles than these.
Every town-gate and village taxing-house had its band of citizen-patriots, with their national muskets in a most explosive state of readiness, who stopped all comers and goers, cross-questioned them, inspected their papers, looked for their names in lists of their own, turned them back, or sent them on, or stopped them and laid them in hold, as their capricious judgment or fancy deemed best for the dawning Republic One and Indivisible, of Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, or Death.
A very few French leagues of his journey were accomplished, when Charles Darnay began to perceive that for him along these country roads there was no hope of return until he should have been declared a good citizen at Paris.
Whatever might befall now, he must on to his journey's end.
Not a mean village closed upon him, not a common barrier dropped across the road behind him, but he knew it to be another iron door in the series that was barred between him and England.
The universal watchfulness so encompassed him, that if he had been taken in a net, or were being forwarded to his destination in a cage, he could not have felt his freedom more completely gone.
This universal watchfulness not only stopped him on the highway twenty times in a stage, but retarded his progress twenty times in a day, by riding after him and taking him back, riding before him and stopping him by anticipation, riding with him and keeping him in charge.
He had been days upon his journey in France alone, when he went to bed tired out, in a little town on the high road, still a long way from Paris.

“That's a fair young lady to be pitied by and wept for by!
How does it feel?
Is it worth being tried for one's life, to be the object of such sympathy and compassion, Mr. Darnay?”
Again Darnay answered not a word.
“She was mightily pleased to have your message, when I gave it her.
Not that she showed she was pleased, but I suppose she was.”
The allusion served as a timely reminder to Darnay that this disagreeable companion had, of his own free will, assisted him in the strait of the day.
He turned the dialogue to that point, and thanked him for it.
“I neither want any thanks, nor merit any,” was the careless rejoinder.
“It was nothing to do, in the first place; and I don't know why I did it, in the second.
Mr. Darnay, let me ask you a question.”
“Willingly, and a small return for your good offices.”
“Do you think I particularly like you?”
“Really, Mr. Carton,” returned the other, oddly disconcerted, “I have not asked myself the question.”
“But ask yourself the question now.”
“You have acted as if you do; but I don't think you do.”
“I don't think I do,” said Carton.
“I begin to have a very good opinion of your understanding.”
“Nevertheless,” pursued Darnay, rising to ring the bell, “there is nothing in that, I hope, to prevent my calling the reckoning, and our parting without ill-blood on either side.”
Carton rejoining, “Nothing in life!” Darnay rang.
“Do you call the whole reckoning?” said Carton.
On his answering in the affirmative, “Then bring me another pint of this same wine, drawer, and come and wake me at ten.”
The bill being paid, Charles Darnay rose and wished him good night.

However, by carefully picking their way, they got safely along until they reached solid ground.
But here the country seemed wilder than ever, and after a long and tiresome walk through the underbrush they entered another forest, where the trees were bigger and older than any they had ever seen.
"This forest is perfectly delightful," declared the Lion, looking around him with joy.
"Never have I seen a more beautiful place."
"It seems gloomy," said the Scarecrow.
"Not a bit of it," answered the Lion.
"I should like to live here all my life.
See how soft the dried leaves are under your feet and how rich and green the moss is that clings to these old trees.
Surely no wild beast could wish a pleasanter home."
"Perhaps there are wild beasts in the forest now," said Dorothy.
"I suppose there are," returned the Lion, "but I do not see any of them about."
They walked through the forest until it became too dark to go any farther.

On the Day of Judgment.
And shall then confer estates."
"She will be as well, in a day or two," said Mr. Woodcourt, with an observant smile, "as she ever will be.
Have you heard of her good fortune?"
"Most extraordinary!"
said Miss Flite.
"Every Saturday Kenge and Carboy place a paper of shillings in my hand.
Always the same number.
One for every day in the week.
I think that the Lord Chancellor forwards them.
Until the judgment I expect is given."
My guardian was contemplating Miss Flite's birds, and I had no need to look beyond him.

Some one may report this to the king, and if he knows it, you will obtain your liberty."
Thus comforting his protector in trouble, he advised him to pluck up courage, and took leave of him.
From that day tigers and serpents, acting under the orders of their kings, united in killing as many persons and cattle as possible.
Every day people were carried away by tigers or bitten by serpents.
Thus passed months and years.
Gangazara sat in the dark cellar, without the sun's light falling upon him, and feasted upon the breadcrumbs and sweetmeats that the rats so kindly supplied him with.
These delicacies had completely changed his body into a red, stout, huge, unwieldy mass of flesh.
Thus passed full ten years, as prophesied in the horoscope.
Ten complete years rolled away in close imprisonment.
On the last evening of the tenth year one of the serpents got into the bed-chamber of the princess and sucked her life.
She breathed her last.
She was the only daughter of the king.

The prince hardly knew anything, for this was the first informant from the household whom he had met since the estrangement.
Evgenie reported that Aglaya had been really ill, and that for two nights she had not slept at all, owing to high fever; that now she was better and out of serious danger, but still in a nervous, hysterical state.
“It’s a good thing that there is peace in the house, at all events,” he continued.
“They never utter a hint about the past, not only in Aglaya’s presence, but even among themselves.
The old people are talking of a trip abroad in the autumn, immediately after Adelaida’s wedding; Aglaya received the news in silence.”
Evgenie himself was very likely going abroad also; so were Prince S.
and his wife, if affairs allowed of it; the general was to stay at home.
They were all at their estate of Colmina now, about twenty miles or so from St. Petersburg.
Princess Bielokonski had not returned to Moscow yet, and was apparently staying on for reasons of her own.
Lizabetha Prokofievna had insisted that it was quite impossible to remain in Pavlofsk after what had happened.
Evgenie had told her of all the rumours current in town about the affair; so that there could be no talk of their going to their house on the Yelagin as yet.
“And in point of fact, prince,” added Evgenie Pavlovitch, “you must allow that they could hardly have stayed here, considering that they knew of all that went on at your place, and in the face of your daily visits to their house, visits which you insisted upon making in spite of their refusal to see you.”
“Yes yes, quite so; you are quite right.
I wished to see Aglaya Ivanovna, you know!” said the prince, nodding his head.
“Oh, my dear fellow,” cried Evgenie, warmly, with real sorrow in his voice, “how could you permit all that to come about as it has?

Must I never sit by the warm fire?
Must I never drink the warm white milk?
You are very wise and very beautiful.
You should not be cruel even to a Cat.’
Woman said, ‘I knew I was wise, but I did not know I was beautiful.
So I will make a bargain with you.
If ever I say one word in your praise you may come into the Cave.’
‘And if you say two words in my praise?’ said the Cat.
‘I never shall,’ said the Woman, ‘but if I say two words in your praise, you may sit by the fire in the Cave.’
‘And if you say three words?’ said the Cat.
‘I never shall,’ said the Woman, ‘but if I say three words in your praise, you may drink the warm white milk three times a day for always and always and always.’
Then the Cat arched his back and said, ‘Now let the Curtain at the mouth of the Cave, and the Fire at the back of the Cave, and the Milk-pots that stand beside the Fire, remember what my Enemy and the Wife of my Enemy has said.’ And he went away through the Wet Wild Woods waving his wild tail and walking by his wild lone.
That night when the Man and the Horse and the Dog came home from hunting, the Woman did not tell them of the bargain that she had made with the Cat, because she was afraid that they might not like it.
Cat went far and far away and hid himself in the Wet Wild Woods by his wild lone for a long time till the Woman forgot all about him.
Only the Bat the little upside-down Bat that hung inside the Cave, knew where Cat hid; and every evening Bat would fly to Cat with news of what was happening.
One evening Bat said, ‘There is a Baby in the Cave.

This other's an escaped felon.
I'm sorry for it, brother," he added, addressing himself to Hugh; "but you've brought it on yourself; you forced me to do it; you wouldn't respect the soundest constitutional principles, you know; you went and wiolated the wery framework of society."
Barnaby and his father were carried off by one road in the centre of a body of foot-soldiers; Hugh, fast bound upon a horse, was taken by another.
IV.
The Fate of the Rioters 
The riots had been stamped out, and once more the city was quiet.
Barnaby sat in his dungeon.
Beside him, with his hand in hers, sat his mother; worn and altered, full of grief, and heavy-hearted, but the same to him.
"Mother," he said, "how long how many days and nights shall I be kept here?"
"Not many, dear.
I hope not many."
"If they kill me they may; I heard it said what will become of Grip?"
The sound of the word suggested to the raven his old phrase, "Never say die!"

That is a thing that strikes me as funny.’
‘Bubbles?
Oho!’ said the Rat, and chirruped cheerily in an inviting sort of way.
A broad glistening muzzle showed itself above the edge of the bank, and the Otter hauled himself out and shook the water from his coat.
‘Greedy beggars!’ he observed, making for the provender.
‘Why didn’t you invite me, Ratty?’
‘This was an impromptu affair,’ explained the Rat.
‘By the way my friend Mr. Mole.’
‘Proud, I’m sure,’ said the Otter, and the two animals were friends forthwith.
‘Such a rumpus everywhere!’ continued the Otter.
‘All the world seems out on the river to-day.
I came up this backwater to try and get a moment’s peace, and then stumble upon you fellows!
At least I beg pardon I don’t exactly mean that, you know.’
There was a rustle behind them, proceeding from a hedge wherein last year’s leaves still clung thick, and a stripy head, with high shoulders behind it, peered forth on them.
‘Come on, old Badger!’ shouted the Rat.
The Badger trotted forward a pace or two; then grunted, ‘H’m!

It was some time before she could be made to hear that the prince had come, and then she opened the door only just sufficiently to let him in, and immediately locked it behind him.
She then fell on her knees at his feet.
(So at least Dana Alexeyevna reported.)
“What am I doing?
What am I doing to you?” she sobbed convulsively, embracing his knees.
The prince was a whole hour soothing and comforting her, and left her, at length, pacified and composed.
He sent another messenger during the night to inquire after her, and two more next morning.
The last brought back a message that Nastasia was surrounded by a whole army of dressmakers and maids, and was as happy and as busy as such a beauty should be on her wedding morning, and that there was not a vestige of yesterday’s agitation remaining.
The message concluded with the news that at the moment of the bearer’s departure there was a great confabulation in progress as to which diamonds were to be worn, and how.
This message entirely calmed the prince’s mind.
The following report of the proceedings on the wedding day may be depended upon, as coming from eye-witnesses.
The wedding was fixed for eight o’clock in the evening.

Pushing heavy cannon up mountain defiles, the elephant’s brow is majestic.
Human or animal, the mystical brow is as that great golden seal affixed by the German emperors to their decrees.
It signifies—“God: done this day by my hand.” But in most creatures, nay in man himself, very often the brow is but a mere strip of alpine land lying along the snow line.
Few are the foreheads which like Shakespeare’s or Melancthon’s rise so high, and descend so low, that the eyes themselves seem clear, eternal, tideless mountain lakes; and all above them in the forehead’s wrinkles, you seem to track the antlered thoughts descending there to drink, as the Highland hunters track the snow prints of the deer.
But in the great Sperm Whale, this high and mighty god-like dignity inherent in the brow is so immensely amplified, that gazing on it, in that full front view, you feel the Deity and the dread powers more forcibly than in beholding any other object in living nature.
For you see no one point precisely; not one distinct feature is revealed; no nose, eyes, ears, or mouth; no face; he has none, proper; nothing but that one broad firmament of a forehead, pleated with riddles; dumbly lowering with the doom of boats, and ships, and men.
Nor, in profile, does this wondrous brow diminish; though that way viewed its grandeur does not domineer upon you so.
In profile, you plainly perceive that horizontal, semi-crescentic depression in the forehead’s middle, which, in man, is Lavater’s mark of genius.
But how?
Genius in the Sperm Whale?
Has the Sperm Whale ever written a book, spoken a speech?
No, his great genius is declared in his doing nothing particular to prove it.

For the last little while I had even lost, but now redoubling my efforts, I began once more to overhaul the chase.
I was not a hundred yards from her when the wind came again in a clap; she filled on the port tack and was off again, stooping and skimming like a swallow.
My first impulse was one of despair, but my second was towards joy.
Round she came, till she was broadside on to me round still till she had covered a half and then two thirds and then three quarters of the distance that separated us.
I could see the waves boiling white under her forefoot.
Immensely tall she looked to me from my low station in the coracle.
And then, of a sudden, I began to comprehend.
I had scarce time to think scarce time to act and save myself.
I was on the summit of one swell when the schooner came stooping over the next.
The bowsprit was over my head.
I sprang to my feet and leaped, stamping the coracle under water.
With one hand I caught the jib-boom, while my foot was lodged between the stay and the brace; and as I still clung there panting, a dull blow told me that the schooner had charged down upon and struck the coracle and that I was left without retreat on the HISPANIOLA.

Mrs. Ferrars was a little, thin woman, upright, even to formality, in her figure, and serious, even to sourness, in her aspect.
Her complexion was sallow; and her features small, without beauty, and naturally without expression; but a lucky contraction of the brow had rescued her countenance from the disgrace of insipidity, by giving it the strong characters of pride and ill nature.
She was not a woman of many words; for, unlike people in general, she proportioned them to the number of her ideas; and of the few syllables that did escape her, not one fell to the share of Miss Dashwood, whom she eyed with the spirited determination of disliking her at all events.
Elinor could not NOW be made unhappy by this behaviour.
A few months ago it would have hurt her exceedingly; but it was not in Mrs. Ferrars'
power to distress her by it now; and the difference of her manners to the Miss Steeles, a difference which seemed purposely made to humble her more, only amused her.
She could not but smile to see the graciousness of both mother and daughter towards the very person  for Lucy was particularly distinguished whom of all others, had they known as much as she did, they would have been most anxious to mortify; while she herself, who had comparatively no power to wound them, sat pointedly slighted by both.
But while she smiled at a graciousness so misapplied, she could not reflect on the mean-spirited folly from which it sprung, nor observe the studied attentions with which the Miss Steeles courted its continuance, without thoroughly despising them all four.
Lucy was all exultation on being so honorably distinguished; and Miss Steele wanted only to be teazed about Dr. Davies to be perfectly happy.
The dinner was a grand one, the servants were numerous, and every thing bespoke the Mistress's inclination for show, and the Master's ability to support it.
In spite of the improvements and additions which were making to the Norland estate, and in spite of its owner having once been within some thousand pounds of being obliged to sell out at a loss, nothing gave any symptom of that indigence which he had tried to infer from it; no poverty of any kind, except of conversation, appeared but there, the deficiency was considerable.
John Dashwood had not much to say for himself that was worth hearing, and his wife had still less.
But there was no peculiar disgrace in this; for it was very much the case with the chief of their visitors, who almost all laboured under one or other of these disqualifications for being agreeable Want of sense, either natural or improved want of elegance want of spirits or want of temper.

And then there’s Badger, of course.
He lives right in the heart of it; wouldn’t live anywhere else, either, if you paid him to do it.
Dear old Badger!
Nobody interferes with HIM.
They’d better not,’ he added significantly.
‘Why, who SHOULD interfere with him?’ asked the Mole.
‘Well, of course there are others,’ explained the Rat in a hesitating sort of way.
‘Weasels and stoats and foxes and so on.
They’re all right in a way I’m very good friends with them pass the time of day when we meet, and all that but they break out sometimes, there’s no denying it, and then well, you can’t really trust them, and that’s the fact.’
The Mole knew well that it is quite against animal-etiquette to dwell on possible trouble ahead, or even to allude to it; so he dropped the subject.
‘And beyond the Wild Wood again?’ he asked: ‘Where it’s all blue and dim, and one sees what may be hills or perhaps they mayn’t, and something like the smoke of towns, or is it only cloud-drift?’
‘Beyond the Wild Wood comes the Wide World,’ said the Rat.
‘And that’s something that doesn’t matter, either to you or me.
I’ve never been there, and I’m never going, nor you either, if you’ve got any sense at all.

And recollect it was a youth, at the particular age which is most helplessly susceptible to the distortion of ideas!”
Prince S. was now no longer smiling; he gazed at the prince in bewilderment.
Alexandra, who had seemed to wish to put in her word when the prince began, now sat silent, as though some sudden thought had caused her to change her mind about speaking.
Evgenie Pavlovitch gazed at him in real surprise, and this time his expression of face had no mockery in it whatever.
“What are you looking so surprised about, my friend?” asked Mrs.
Epanchin, suddenly.
“Did you suppose he was stupider than yourself, and was incapable of forming his own opinions, or what?”
“No!
Oh no!
Not at all!” said Evgenie.
“But how is it, prince, that you (excuse the question, will you?)
if you are capable of observing and seeing things as you evidently do, how is it that you saw nothing distorted or perverted in that claim upon your property, which you acknowledged a day or two since; and which was full of arguments founded upon the most distorted views of right and wrong?”
“I’ll tell you what, my friend,” cried Mrs. Epanchin, of a sudden, “here are we all sitting here and imagining we are very clever, and perhaps laughing at the prince, some of us, and meanwhile he has received a letter this very day in which that same claimant renounces his claim, and begs the prince’s pardon.
There!
we don’t often get that sort of letter; and yet we are not ashamed to walk with our noses in the air before him.”
“And Hippolyte has come down here to stay,” said Colia, suddenly.
“What!

"Please tell me what splendid place this is?"
asked Effie, as soon as she could collect her wits after the first look at all these astonishing things.
"This is the Christmas world; and here we work all the year round, never tired of getting ready for the happy day.
See, these are the saints just setting off; for some have far to go, and the children must not be disappointed."
As he spoke the spirit pointed to four gates, out of which four great sleighs were just driving, laden with toys, while a jolly old Santa Claus sat in the middle of each, drawing on his mittens and tucking up his wraps for a long cold drive.
"Why, I thought there was only one Santa Claus, and even he was a humbug," cried Effie, astonished at the sight.
"Never give up your faith in the sweet old stones, even after you come to see that they are only the pleasant shadow of a lovely truth."
Just then the sleighs went off with a great jingling of bells and pattering of reindeer hoofs, while all the spirits gave a cheer that was heard in the lower world, where people said, "Hear the stars sing."
"I never will say there isn't any Santa Claus again.
Now, show me more."
"You will like to see this place, I think, and may learn something here perhaps"
The spirit smiled as he led the way to a little door, through which Effie peeped into a world of dolls.
Baby-houses were in full blast, with dolls of all sorts going on like live people.

“Is that the way they heave in the marchant service?” he roared.
“Spring, thou sheep-head; spring, and break thy backbone!
Why don’t ye spring, I say, all of ye—spring!
Quohog!
spring, thou chap with the red whiskers; spring there, Scotch-cap; spring, thou green pants.
Spring, I say, all of ye, and spring your eyes out!” And so saying, he moved along the windlass, here and there using his leg very freely, while imperturbable Bildad kept leading off with his psalmody.
Thinks I, Captain Peleg must have been drinking something to-day.
At last the anchor was up, the sails were set, and off we glided.
It was a short, cold Christmas; and as the short northern day merged into night, we found ourselves almost broad upon the wintry ocean, whose freezing spray cased us in ice, as in polished armor.
The long rows of teeth on the bulwarks glistened in the moonlight; and like the white ivory tusks of some huge elephant, vast curving icicles depended from the bows.
Lank Bildad, as pilot, headed the first watch, and ever and anon, as the old craft deep dived into the green seas, and sent the shivering frost all over her, and the winds howled, and the cordage rang, his steady notes were heard,—
“Sweet fields beyond the swelling flood, Stand dressed in living green.
So to the Jews old Canaan stood, While Jordan rolled between.” 
Never did those sweet words sound more sweetly to me than then.

Geppetto seeing himself stared at by those two wooden eyes, took it almost in bad part, and said in an angry voice:
"Wicked wooden eyes, why do you look at me?"
No one answered.
Then he proceeded to carve the nose; but no sooner had he made it than it began to grow.
And it grew, and grew, and grew until in a few minutes it had become an immense nose that seemed as if it would never end.
Poor Geppetto tired himself out with cutting it off.
But the more he cut and shortened it, the longer did that impertinent nose become!
The mouth was not even completed when it began to laugh and deride him.
"Stop laughing!"
said Geppetto provoked; but he might as well have spoken to the wall.
"Stop laughing, I say!"
he roared in a threatening tone.
The mouth then ceased laughing, but put out its tongue as far as it would go.

When the animals were fed, the girl seated herself at the table by the old man, and ate what he had left.
It was not long before the cock and the hen began to thrust their heads beneath their wings, and the eyes of the cow likewise began to blink.
Then said the girl, “Ought we not to go to bed?”
“Pretty little hen, Pretty little cock, And pretty brindled cow, What say ye to that?”
The animals answered “Duks,”
“Thou hast eaten with us, Thou hast drunk with us, Thou hast had kind thought for all of us, We wish thee good-night.”
Then the maiden went upstairs, shook the feather-beds, and laid clean sheets on them, and when she had done it the old man came and lay down on one of the beds, and his white beard reached down to his feet.
The girl lay down on the other, said her prayers, and fell asleep.
She slept quietly till midnight, and then there was such a noise in the house that she awoke.
There was a sound of cracking and splitting in every corner, and the doors sprang open, and beat against the walls.
The beams groaned as if they were being torn out of their joints, it seemed as if the staircase were falling down, and at length there was a crash as if the entire roof had fallen in.
As, however, all grew quiet once more, and the girl was not hurt, she stayed quietly lying where she was, and fell asleep again.
But when she woke up in the morning with the brilliancy of the sunshine, what did her eyes behold?
She was lying in a vast hall, and everything around her shone with royal splendor; on the walls, golden flowers grew up on a ground of green silk, the bed was of ivory, and the canopy of red velvet, and on a chair close by, was a pair of shoes embroidered with pearls.
The girl believed that she was in a dream, but three richly clad attendants came in, and asked what orders she would like to give?
“If you will go,” she replied, “I will get up at once and make ready some soup for the old man, and then I will feed the pretty little hen, and the cock, and the beautiful brindled cow.” She thought the old man was up already, and looked round at his bed; he, however, was not lying in it, but a stranger.

My peace of mind is doubly involved in it; for not only is it horrible to suspect a person, who has been what HE has been to ME, of such designs, but what must it make me appear to myself?
What in a situation like mine, but a most shamefully unguarded affection could expose me to" 
"How then," asked her sister, "would you account for his behaviour?"
"I would suppose him, Oh, how gladly would I suppose him, only fickle, very, very fickle."
Elinor said no more.
She was debating within herself on the eligibility of beginning her story directly, or postponing it till Marianne were in stronger health; and they crept on for a few minutes in silence.
"I am not wishing him too much good," said Marianne at last with a sigh, "when I wish his secret reflections may be no more unpleasant than my own.
He will suffer enough in them."
"Do you compare your conduct with his?"
"No.
I compare it with what it ought to have been; I compare it with yours."
"Our situations have borne little resemblance."
"They have borne more than our conduct.

She’s had th’ toothache all day.”
But something troubled and awkward in her manner made Mistress Mary stare very hard at her.
She did not believe she was speaking the truth.
CHAPTER VI 
 “THERE WAS SOMEONE CRYING—THERE WAS!”
The next day the rain poured down in torrents again, and when Mary looked out of her window the moor was almost hidden by gray mist and cloud.
There could be no going out today.
“What do you do in your cottage when it rains like this?” she asked Martha.
“Try to keep from under each other’s feet mostly,” Martha answered.
“Eh!
there does seem a lot of us then.
Mother’s a good-tempered woman but she gets fair moithered.
The biggest ones goes out in th’ cow-shed and plays there.
Dickon he doesn’t mind th’ wet.
He goes out just th’
same as if th’ sun was shinin’.

Do take it to your sister."
"Dear Ma'am," replied Elinor, smiling at the difference of the complaints for which it was recommended, "how good you are!
But I have just left Marianne in bed, and, I hope, almost asleep; and as I think nothing will be of so much service to her as rest, if you will give me leave, I will drink the wine myself."
Mrs. Jennings, though regretting that she had not been five minutes earlier, was satisfied with the compromise; and Elinor, as she swallowed the chief of it, reflected, that though its effects on a colicky gout were, at present, of little importance to her, its healing powers, on a disappointed heart might be as reasonably tried on herself as on her sister.
Colonel Brandon came in while the party were at tea, and by his manner of looking round the room for Marianne, Elinor immediately fancied that he neither expected nor wished to see her there, and, in short, that he was already aware of what occasioned her absence.
Mrs. Jennings was not struck by the same thought; for soon after his entrance, she walked across the room to the tea-table where Elinor presided, and whispered 
"The Colonel looks as grave as ever you see.
He knows nothing of it; do tell him, my dear."
He shortly afterwards drew a chair close to hers, and, with a look which perfectly assured her of his good information, inquired after her sister.
"Marianne is not well," said she.
"She has been indisposed all day, and we have persuaded her to go to bed."
"Perhaps, then," he hesitatingly replied, "what I heard this morning may be there may be more truth in it than I could believe possible at first."
"What did you hear?"

how all his fingers glittered with diamond rings; and then all were pure gems.
“Nay; I cannot recover from my surprise!” said the learned man.
“What is the meaning of all this?”
“Something common, is it not,” said the shadow.
“But you yourself do not belong to the common order; and I, as you know well, have from a child followed in your footsteps.
As soon as you found I was capable to go out alone in the world, I went my own way.
I am in the most brilliant circumstances, but there came a sort of desire over me to see you once more before you die; you will die, I suppose?
I also wished to see this land again for you know we always love our native land.
I know you have got another shadow again; have I anything to pay to it or you?
If so, you will oblige me by saying what it is.”
“Nay, is it really thou?” said the learned man.
“It is most remarkable:
I never imagined that one's old shadow could come again as a man.”
“Tell me what I have to pay,” said the shadow; “for I don't like to be in any sort of debt.”
“How canst thou talk so?” said the learned man.
“What debt is there to talk about?
Make thyself as free as anyone else.

The plundered people used to run after him, clinging to his big soop, but he used to beat them and sometimes kill them, and by reason of his great strength and long strides he always got away with his booty, leaving havoc and devastation behind him.
He was so strong and so terrible that no one could check his crimes or impose any punishments.
There lived in the village of Cherra in those days a wealthy woman called Ka Bthuh, who had suffered much and often at the hands of U Ramhah, and whose anger against him burnt red-hot.
She had pleaded urgently with the men of her village to rise in a body to avenge her wrongs, but they always said that it was useless.
Whenever she met U Ramhah she insulted him by pointing and shaking her finger at him, saying, "You may conquer the strength of a man, but beware of the cunning of a woman."
For this saying U Ramhah hated her, for it showed that he had not been able to overawe her as everybody else had been overawed by him, and he raided her godowns more frequently than ever, not dreaming that she was scheming to defeat him.
One day Ka Bthuh made a great feast; she sent invitations to many villages far and near, for she wanted it to be as publicly known as possible in order to lure U Ramhah to attend.
It was one of his rude habits to go uninvited to feasts and to gobble up all the eatables before the invited guests had been helped.
The day of Ka Bthuh's feast came and many guests arrived, but before the rice had been distributed there was a loud cry that U Ramhah was marching towards the village.
Everybody considered this very annoying, but Ka Bthuh, the hostess, pretended not to be disturbed, and told the people to let the giant eat as much as he liked first, and she would see that they were all helped later on.
At this U Ramhah laughed, thinking that she was beginning to be afraid of him, and he helped himself freely to the cooked rice and curry that was at hand.
He always ate large mouthfuls, but at feast times he used to put an even greater quantity of rice into his mouth, just to make an impression and a show.

Something was forcing her to awaken something in the room.
It was a sense of light, and a sound the sound of a crackling, roaring little fire.
"Oh, I am awakening," she said mournfully.
"I can't help it I can't."
Her eyes opened in spite of herself.
And then she actually smiled for what she saw she had never seen in the attic before, and knew she never should see.
"Oh, I HAVEN'T awakened," she whispered, daring to rise on her elbow and look all about her.
"I am dreaming yet."
She knew it MUST be a dream, for if she were awake such things could not could not be.
Do you wonder that she felt sure she had not come back to earth?
This is what she saw.
In the grate there was a glowing, blazing fire; on the hob was a little brass kettle hissing and boiling; spread upon the floor was a thick, warm crimson rug; before the fire a folding-chair, unfolded, and with cushions on it; by the chair a small folding-table, unfolded, covered with a white cloth, and upon it spread small covered dishes, a cup, a saucer, a teapot; on the bed were new warm coverings and a satin-covered down quilt; at the foot a curious wadded silk robe, a pair of quilted slippers, and some books.

I shall take up as little of your valuable time as possible, so I shall start at once upon my peculiar experiences.”
Holmes sat in his big armchair with the weary, heavy-lidded expression which veiled his keen and eager nature, while I sat opposite to him, and we listened in silence to the strange story which our visitor detailed to us.
“You must know,” said he, “that I am an orphan and a bachelor, residing alone in lodgings in London.
By profession I am a hydraulic engineer, and I have had considerable experience of my work during the seven years that I was apprenticed to Venner & Matheson, the well-known firm, of Greenwich.
Two years ago, having served my time, and having also come into a fair sum of money through my poor father’s death, I determined to start in business for myself and took professional chambers in Victoria Street.
“I suppose that everyone finds his first independent start in business a dreary experience.
To me it has been exceptionally so.
During two years I have had three consultations and one small job, and that is absolutely all that my profession has brought me.
My gross takings amount to £ 27 10s.
Every day, from nine in the morning until four in the afternoon, I waited in my little den, until at last my heart began to sink, and I came to believe that I should never have any practice at all.
“Yesterday, however, just as I was thinking of leaving the office, my clerk entered to say there was a gentleman waiting who wished to see me upon business.
He brought up a card, too, with the name of ‘Colonel Lysander Stark’ engraved upon it.
Close at his heels came the colonel himself, a man rather over the middle size, but of an exceeding thinness.

I shall be a Scientific Discoverer.”
“Ax pardon—ax pardon, sir” answered Ben, touching his forehead in salute.
“I ought to have seed it wasn’t a jokin’ matter,” but his eyes twinkled and secretly he was immensely pleased.
He really did not mind being snubbed since the snubbing meant that the lad was gaining strength and spirit.
CHAPTER XXIV 
 “LET THEM LAUGH”
The secret garden was not the only one Dickon worked in.
Round the cottage on the moor there was a piece of ground enclosed by a low wall of rough stones.
Early in the morning and late in the fading twilight and on all the days Colin and Mary did not see him, Dickon worked there planting or tending potatoes and cabbages, turnips and carrots and herbs for his mother.
In the company of his “creatures” he did wonders there and was never tired of doing them, it seemed.
While he dug or weeded he whistled or sang bits of Yorkshire moor songs or talked to Soot or Captain or the brothers and sisters he had taught to help him.
“We’d never get on as comfortable as we do,” Mrs. Sowerby said, “if it wasn’t for Dickon’s garden.
Anything’ll grow for him.
His ’taters and cabbages is twice th’ size of anyone else’s an’ they’ve got a flavor with ’em as nobody’s has.”
When she found a moment to spare she liked to go out and talk to him.
After supper there was still a long clear twilight to work in and that was her quiet time.

Why didn’t you bring it?”
“Why, he didn’t die!
I’ll ask him for it, if you like.”
“Bring it by all means; you needn’t ask him.
He will be delighted, you may be sure; for, in all probability, he shot at himself simply in order that I might read his confession.
Don’t laugh at what I say, please, Lef Nicolaievitch, because it may very well be the case.”
“I’m not laughing.
I am convinced, myself, that that may have been partly the reason.”
“You are convinced?
You don’t really mean to say you think that honestly?” asked Aglaya, extremely surprised.
She put her questions very quickly and talked fast, every now and then forgetting what she had begun to say, and not finishing her sentence.
She seemed to be impatient to warn the prince about something or other.
She was in a state of unusual excitement, and though she put on a brave and even defiant air, she seemed to be rather alarmed.
She was dressed very simply, but this suited her well.
She continually trembled and blushed, and she sat on the very edge of the seat.
The fact that the prince confirmed her idea, about Hippolyte shooting himself that she might read his confession, surprised her greatly.

You ought to be ashamed to be so greedy."
And then it came to her suddenly that it was no trifle, this same problem of food.
The warm, green park seemed to grow chill and gray.
Once again she must deal with life's material side.
Her case was at the same time better and worse than it had been on that other occasion when she had faced the future in the French train; better, because then New York had been to her something vague and terrifying, while now it was her city; worse, because she could no longer seek help from Mrs. Oakley.
That Mrs. Oakley had given John the information which had enabled him to discover her hiding-place, Betty felt certain.
By what other possible means could he have found it?
Why Mrs. Oakley, whom she had considered an ally, should have done so, she did not know.
She attributed it to a change of mind, a reconsideration of the case when uninfluenced by sentiment.
And yet it seemed strange.
Perhaps John had gone to her and the sight of him had won the old lady over to his side.
It might be so.

There was too much sun and too much rain.
The birds stole the harvest, little as there was, and seeds and brambles were the main growth.
Even Arethusa, the nymph of the fountain, was about to die as Ceres, in her search, came to the banks of the River Cyane, where Pluto had passed with Proserpine to his own domain.
Ceres had almost given up hope.
"Ungrateful soil that I have clothed with herbs and fruits and grains,"
she said.
"You have taken my child and shall enjoy my favors no longer."
But Arethusa spoke:
"Do not blame the earth, Mother Ceres," she said.
"It opened unwillingly to take your daughter.
I come from the waters.
I know them so well that I can count the pebbles in the bottom of this river, the willows that shade it and the violets on the bank.
I was at play not long since in the river and Alpheus, the god of the stream, pursued me.
I ran and he followed in an attempt to keep me from going back to my home in the fountain.

THE HAUGHTY PRINCESS 
ADAPTED BY PATRICK KENNEDY 
There was once a very worthy King, whose daughter was the greatest beauty that could be seen far or near, but she was as proud as Lucifer, and no king or prince would she agree to marry.
Her father was tired out at last, and invited every king, and prince, and duke, and earl that he knew or didn't know to come to his court to give her one trial more.
They all came, and next day after breakfast they stood in a row in the lawn, and the Princess walked along in the front of them to make her choice.
One was fat, and says she: "I won't have you, Beer-barrel!"
One was tall and thin, and to him she said, "I won't have you, Ramrod!"
To a white-faced man she said, "I won't have you, Pale Death;" and to a red-cheeked man she said, "I won't have you, Cockscomb!"
She stopped a little before the last of all, for he was a fine man in face and form.
She wanted to find some defect in him, but he had nothing remarkable but a ring of brown curling hair under his chin.
She admired him a little, and then carried it off with, "I won't have you, Whiskers!"
So all went away, and the King was so vexed, he said to her, "Now to punish your impedence, I'll give you to the first beggar-man or singing sthronshuch that calls;" and, as sure as the hearth-money, a fellow all over rags, with hair that came to his shoulders, and a bushy red beard all over his face, came next morning, and began to sing before the parlor window.
When the song was over, the hall-door was opened, the singer asked in, the priest brought, and the Princess married to Beardy.
She roared and she bawled, but her father didn't mind her.

But be of good courage; I will look after thee, and tell thee how thou mayest discover the horse.
Thou must travel straight along this road until thou comest to a castle; the horse is there in one of the stables.
Thou wilt find a stable boy lying before the stall, but he will be fast asleep and snoring, so thou wilt be able to lead out the golden horse quite quietly.
But there is one thing thou must be careful about, and that is to put on the shabby old saddle of wood and leather, and not the golden one which hangs beside it otherwise everything will go wrong with thee."
Then the fox stretched out his tail, the Prince took a seat upon it, and away they went over hill and dale, with their hair whistling in the wind.
Everything happened as the fox had said.
The Prince came to the stable where the golden horse was standing, but, as he was about to put on the shabby old saddle, he thought to himself, "It does seem a shame that such a lovely animal should be disgraced with this.
The fine saddle is his by right; it must go on."
Scarcely had the golden saddle rested on the horse's back when it began to neigh loudly.
This awakened the stable boy, who awakened the grooms, who rushed in and seized the Prince and made him a prisoner.
The following morning he was brought to trial and condemned to death, but the King promised him his life, as well as the golden horse, if the youth could find the beautiful daughter of the King of the golden castle.
Once more, with a heavy heart, the Prince set out on his journey, and by great good fortune he soon came across the faithful fox.

asked Dorothy.
"Oz himself is the Great Wizard," answered the Witch, sinking her voice to a whisper.
"He is more powerful than all the rest of us together.
He lives in the City of Emeralds."
Dorothy was going to ask another question, but just then the Munchkins, who had been standing silently by, gave a loud shout and pointed to the corner of the house where the Wicked Witch had been lying.
"What is it?"
asked the little old woman, and looked, and began to laugh.
The feet of the dead Witch had disappeared entirely, and nothing was left but the silver shoes.
"She was so old," explained the Witch of the North, "that she dried up quickly in the sun.
That is the end of her.
But the silver shoes are yours, and you shall have them to wear."
She reached down and picked up the shoes, and after shaking the dust out of them handed them to Dorothy.

The huge branches of the cypress-tree moved mysteriously above his head, and he fell upon the earth senseless and in a trance.
It seemed to Tancred that a mighty form was bending over him with a countenance like an oriental night, dark yet lustrous, mystical yet clear.
The solemn eyes of the shadowy apparition were full of the brightness and energy of youth and the calm wisdom of the ages.
"I am the Angel of Arabia," said the spectral figure, waving a sceptre fashioned like a palm-tree, "the guardian spirit of the land which governs the world; for its power lies neither in the sword nor in the shield, for these pass away, but in ideas which are divine.
All the thoughts of every nation come from a higher power than man, but the thoughts of Arabia come directly from the Most High.
You want a new revelation to Christendom?
Listen to the ancient message of Arabia!
"Your people now hanker after other gods than the God of Sinai and Calvary.
But the eternal principles of that Arabian faith, which moulded them from savages into civilised men when they descended from their northern forests fifteen hundred years ago, and spread all over the world, can alone breathe new vigour into them, now that they are decaying in the dust and fever of their great cities.
Tell them that they must cease from seeking in their vain philosophies for the solution of their social problems.
Their, longing for the brotherhood of mankind can only be satisfied when they acknowledge the sway of a common father.
Tell them that they are the children of God.

In one way, indeed, he bade fair to ruin us, for he kept on staying week after week, and at last month after month, so that all the money had been long exhausted, and still my father never plucked up the heart to insist on having more.
If ever he mentioned it, the captain blew through his nose so loudly that you might say he roared, and stared my poor father out of the room.
I have seen him wringing his hands after such a rebuff, and I am sure the annoyance and the terror he lived in must have greatly hastened his early and unhappy death.
All the time he lived with us the captain made no change whatever in his dress but to buy some stockings from a hawker.
One of the cocks of his hat having fallen down, he let it hang from that day forth, though it was a great annoyance when it blew.
I remember the appearance of his coat, which he patched himself upstairs in his room, and which, before the end, was nothing but patches.
He never wrote or received a letter, and he never spoke with any but the neighbours, and with these, for the most part, only when drunk on rum.
The great sea-chest none of us had ever seen open.
He was only once crossed, and that was towards the end, when my poor father was far gone in a decline that took him off.
Dr. Livesey came late one afternoon to see the patient, took a bit of dinner from my mother, and went into the parlour to smoke a pipe until his horse should come down from the hamlet, for we had no stabling at the old Benbow.
I followed him in, and I remember observing the contrast the neat, bright doctor, with his powder as white as snow and his bright, black eyes and pleasant manners, made with the coltish country folk, and above all, with that filthy, heavy, bleared scarecrow of a pirate of ours, sitting, far gone in rum, with his arms on the table.
Suddenly he the captain, that is began to pipe up his eternal song:
          “Fifteen men on the dead man's chest 
             Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!

He was removed, loudly protesting, to the police-station, while the inspector remained upon the premises in the hope that the ebbing tide might afford some fresh clue.
“And it did, though they hardly found upon the mud-bank what they had feared to find.
It was Neville St. Clair’s coat, and not Neville St.
Clair, which lay uncovered as the tide receded.
And what do you think they found in the pockets?”
“I cannot imagine.”
“No, I don’t think you would guess.
Every pocket stuffed with pennies and half-pennies—421 pennies and 270 half-pennies.
It was no wonder that it had not been swept away by the tide.
But a human body is a different matter.
There is a fierce eddy between the wharf and the house.
It seemed likely enough that the weighted coat had remained when the stripped body had been sucked away into the river.”
“But I understand that all the other clothes were found in the room.
Would the body be dressed in a coat alone?”
“No, sir, but the facts might be met speciously enough.
Suppose that this man Boone had thrust Neville St. Clair through the window, there is no human eye which could have seen the deed.
What would he do then?

"Yes could that be wrong after all that had passed?
But I cannot talk."
Elinor said no more, and turning again to the three letters which now raised a much stronger curiosity than before, directly ran over the contents of all.
The first, which was what her sister had sent him on their arrival in town, was to this effect.
Berkeley Street, January.
"How surprised you will be, Willoughby, on      receiving this; and I think you will feel something      more than surprise, when you know that I am in town.
An opportunity of coming hither, though with Mrs.
     Jennings, was a temptation we could not resist.
I wish you may receive this in time to come here      to-night, but I will not depend on it.
At any rate      I shall expect you to-morrow.
For the present, adieu.
"M.D."
Her second note, which had been written on the morning after the dance at the Middletons', was in these words: 
     "I cannot express my disappointment in having      missed you the day before yesterday, nor my astonishment      at not having received any answer to a note which      I sent you above a week ago.

We got into a cab together, and away we drove to some lodgings he had taken in Gordon Square, and that was my true wedding after all those years of waiting.
Frank had been a prisoner among the Apaches, had escaped, came on to ’Frisco, found that I had given him up for dead and had gone to England, followed me there, and had come upon me at last on the very morning of my second wedding.”
“I saw it in a paper,” explained the American.
“It gave the name and the church but not where the lady lived.”
“Then we had a talk as to what we should do, and Frank was all for openness, but I was so ashamed of it all that I felt as if I should like to vanish away and never see any of them again—just sending a line to Pa, perhaps, to show him that I was alive.
It was awful to me to think of all those lords and ladies sitting round that breakfast-table and waiting for me to come back.
So Frank took my wedding-clothes and things and made a bundle of them, so that I should not be traced, and dropped them away somewhere where no one could find them.
It is likely that we should have gone on to Paris to-morrow, only that this good gentleman, Mr. Holmes, came round to us this evening, though how he found us is more than I can think, and he showed us very clearly and kindly that I was wrong and that Frank was right, and that we should be putting ourselves in the wrong if we were so secret.
Then he offered to give us a chance of talking to Lord St. Simon alone, and so we came right away round to his rooms at once.
Now, Robert, you have heard it all, and I am very sorry if I have given you pain, and I hope that you do not think very meanly of me.”
Lord St. Simon had by no means relaxed his rigid attitude, but had listened with a frowning brow and a compressed lip to this long narrative.
“Excuse me,” he said, “but it is not my custom to discuss my most intimate personal affairs in this public manner.”
“Then you won’t forgive me?
You won’t shake hands before I go?”
“Oh, certainly, if it would give you any pleasure.” He put out his hand and coldly grasped that which she extended to him.
“I had hoped,” suggested Holmes, “that you would have joined us in a friendly supper.”
“I think that there you ask a little too much,” responded his Lordship.
“I may be forced to acquiesce in these recent developments, but I can hardly be expected to make merry over them.

“My word!” she said.
“It was a good thing that little lass came to th’
Manor.
It’s been th’ makin’ o’ her an’ th’ savin, o’ him.
Standin’ on his feet!
An’ us all thinkin’ he was a poor half-witted lad with not a straight bone in him.”
She asked a great many questions and her blue eyes were full of deep thinking.
“What do they make of it at th’ Manor—him being so well an’ cheerful an’ never complainin’?” she inquired.
“They don’t know what to make of it,” answered Dickon.
“Every day as comes round his face looks different.
It’s fillin’ out and doesn’t look so sharp an’ th’ waxy color is goin’.
But he has to do his bit o’
complainin’,” with a highly entertained grin.
“What for, i’ Mercy’s name?” asked Mrs. Sowerby.
Dickon chuckled.

I shall have to look again some other day.”
That night, Pinocchio, instead of going to bed at ten o’clock waited until midnight, and instead of making eight baskets, he made sixteen.
After that he went to bed and fell asleep.
As he slept, he dreamed of his Fairy, beautiful, smiling, and happy, who kissed him and said to him, “Bravo, Pinocchio!
In reward for your kind heart, I forgive you for all your old mischief.
Boys who love and take good care of their parents when they are old and sick, deserve praise even though they may not be held up as models of obedience and good behavior.
Keep on doing so well, and you will be happy.”
At that very moment, Pinocchio awoke and opened wide his eyes.
What was his surprise and his joy when, on looking himself over, he saw that he was no longer a Marionette, but that he had become a real live boy!
He looked all about him and instead of the usual walls of straw, he found himself in a beautifully furnished little room, the prettiest he had ever seen.
In a twinkling, he jumped down from his bed to look on the chair standing near.
There, he found a new suit, a new hat, and a pair of shoes.
As soon as he was dressed, he put his hands in his pockets and pulled out a little leather purse on which were written the following words:
     The Fairy with Azure Hair returns      fifty pennies to her dear Pinocchio      with many thanks for his kind heart.
The Marionette opened the purse to find the money, and behold there were fifty gold coins!

After that, certain to be far enough behind the quarry not to be seen, she walked out on the ice the same distance as it was from shore.
Having reached that point, she began stalking the seal in earnest.
It lay with its hind flippers towards her, but every minute or so it would raise its head for a few seconds to scan the horizon.
Then the woman, crawling on her hands and knees, would have to remain motionless, lying flat on the ice.
Little by little she crept nearer, using every small pinnacle, every little ridge and rough edge of the pans, as a shield.
She was already weak from hunger.
The constant strain began to tell on her.
The nearer she crawled to the animal, the longer she had to rest and regain her breath.
Seals have good ears.
The slightest sound of panting would have driven the animal head first into the water.
It took her all day to cover the two miles.
During all that time she was in agony at the thought that the seal, tired of dozing, would dive into the sea again before she could reach it.

Three months' vacation how I shall enjoy it!"
exclaimed Meg, coming home one warm day to find Jo laid upon the sofa in an unusual state of exhaustion, while Beth took off her dusty boots, and Amy made lemonade for the refreshment of the whole party.
"Aunt March went today, for which, oh, be joyful!"
said Jo.
"I was mortally afraid she'd ask me to go with her.
If she had, I should have felt as if I ought to do it, but Plumfield is about as gay as a churchyard, you know, and I'd rather be excused.
We had a flurry getting the old lady off, and I had a fright every time she spoke to me, for I was in such a hurry to be through that I was uncommonly helpful and sweet, and feared she'd find it impossible to part from me.
I quaked till she was fairly in the carriage, and had a final fright, for as it drove of, she popped out her head, saying, 'Josyphine, won't you ?'
I didn't hear any more, for I basely turned and fled.
I did actually run, and whisked round the corner where I felt safe."
"Poor old Jo!
She came in looking as if bears were after her," said Beth, as she cuddled her sister's feet with a motherly air.

As now he thus vainly strove, the jaw slipped from him; the frail gunwales bent in, collapsed, and snapped, as both jaws, like an enormous shears, sliding further aft, bit the craft completely in twain, and locked themselves fast again in the sea, midway between the two floating wrecks.
These floated aside, the broken ends drooping, the crew at the stern-wreck clinging to the gunwales, and striving to hold fast to the oars to lash them across.
At that preluding moment, ere the boat was yet snapped, Ahab, the first to perceive the whale’s intent, by the crafty upraising of his head, a movement that loosed his hold for the time; at that moment his hand had made one final effort to push the boat out of the bite.
But only slipping further into the whale’s mouth, and tilting over sideways as it slipped, the boat had shaken off his hold on the jaw; spilled him out of it, as he leaned to the push; and so he fell flat-faced upon the sea.
Ripplingly withdrawing from his prey, Moby Dick now lay at a little distance, vertically thrusting his oblong white head up and down in the billows; and at the same time slowly revolving his whole spindled body; so that when his vast wrinkled forehead rose—some twenty or more feet out of the water—the now rising swells, with all their confluent waves, dazzlingly broke against it; vindictively tossing their shivered spray still higher into the air.
* So, in a gale, the but half baffled Channel billows only recoil from the base of the Eddystone, triumphantly to overleap its summit with their scud.
*This motion is peculiar to the sperm whale.
It receives its designation (pitchpoling) from its being likened to that preliminary up-and-down poise of the whale-lance, in the exercise called pitchpoling, previously described.
By this motion the whale must best and most comprehensively view whatever objects may be encircling him.
But soon resuming his horizontal attitude, Moby Dick swam swiftly round and round the wrecked crew; sideways churning the water in his vengeful wake, as if lashing himself up to still another and more deadly assault.
The sight of the splintered boat seemed to madden him, as the blood of grapes and mulberries cast before Antiochus’s elephants in the book of Maccabees.
Meanwhile Ahab half smothered in the foam of the whale’s insolent tail, and too much of a cripple to swim,—though he could still keep afloat, even in the heart of such a whirlpool as that; helpless Ahab’s head was seen, like a tossed bubble which the least chance shock might burst.

I've done it again!
oh  " "Ting!
ting!"
went the bell-punch; and the cardboard was punched to the end.
"Oh, dear!"
cried Chimborazo, now beside himself with terror.
"Oh, dear!
oh, dear!
oh, dear!
oh, dear!!
what will become of me?"
A strange whirring noise was heard, then a loud clang; and the next moment the bell-punch, as if it were alive, flew out of his hand, out of the window, and was gone!

“I should be a fool, indeed,” he thought, “if I were to go into the shabby tavern, and pass by the good one.” So he went into the cheerful one, lived there in riot and revel, and forgot the bird and his father, and all good counsels.
When some time had passed, and the eldest son for month after month did not come back home, the second set out, wishing to find the Golden Bird.
The Fox met him as he had met the eldest, and gave him the good advice of which he took no heed.
He came to the two inns, and his brother was standing at the window of the one from which came the music, and called out to him.
He could not resist, but went inside and lived only for pleasure.
Again some time passed, and then the King’s youngest son wanted to set off and try his luck, but his father would not allow it.
“It is of no use,” said he, “he will find the Golden Bird still less than his brothers, and if a mishap were to befall him he knows not how to help himself; he is a little wanting at the best.” But at last, as he had no peace, he let him go.
Again the Fox was sitting outside the wood, and begged for his life, and offered his good advice.
The youth was good-natured, and said, “Be easy, little Fox, I will do you no harm.” “You shall not repent it,”
answered the Fox; “and that you may get on more quickly, get up behind on my tail.” And scarcely had he seated himself when the Fox began to run, and away he went over stock and stone till his hair whistled in the wind.
When they came to the village the youth got off; he followed the good advice, and without looking round turned into the little inn, where he spent the night quietly.
The next morning, as soon as he got into the open country, there sat the Fox already, and said, “I will tell you further what you have to do.
Go on quite straight, and at last you will come to a castle, in front of which a whole regiment of soldiers is lying, but do not trouble yourself about them, for they will all be asleep and snoring.

“Such a sweetheart as that,” thought he, “could not touch my heart, even if she were thirty years younger.” In the meantime the old woman stroked and fondled her geese as if they were children, and then went into the house with her daughter.
The youth lay down on the bench, under a wild apple-tree.
The air was warm and mild; on all sides stretched a green meadow, which was set with cowslips, wild thyme, and a thousand other flowers; through the midst of it rippled a clear brook on which the sun sparkled, and the white geese went walking backwards and forwards, or paddled in the water.
“It is quite delightful here,”
said he, “but I am so tired that I cannot keep my eyes open; I will sleep a little.
If only a gust of wind does not come and blow my legs off my body, for they are as rotten as tinder.”
When he had slept a little while, the old woman came and shook him till he awoke.
“Sit up,” said she, “thou canst not stay here; I have certainly treated thee hardly, still it has not cost thee thy life.
Of money and land thou hast no need, here is something else for thee.”
Thereupon she thrust a little book into his hand, which was cut out of a single emerald.
“Take great care of it,” said she, “it will bring thee good fortune.” The count sprang up, and as he felt that he was quite fresh, and had recovered his vigor, he thanked the old woman for her present, and set off without even once looking back at the beautiful daughter.
When he was already some way off, he still heard in the distance the noisy cry of the geese.
For three days the count had to wander in the wilderness before he could find his way out.
He then reached a large town, and as no one knew him, he was led into the royal palace, where the King and Queen were sitting on their throne.
The count fell on one knee, drew the emerald book out of his pocket, and laid it at the Queen’s feet.

Suddenly the prince caught the man by the shoulder and twisted him round towards the light, so that he might see his face more clearly.
Rogojin’s eyes flashed, and a smile of insanity distorted his countenance.
His right hand was raised, and something glittered in it.
The prince did not think of trying to stop it.
All he could remember afterwards was that he seemed to have called out:
“Parfen!
I won’t believe it.”
Next moment something appeared to burst open before him: a wonderful inner light illuminated his soul.
This lasted perhaps half a second, yet he distinctly remembered hearing the beginning of the wail, the strange, dreadful wail, which burst from his lips of its own accord, and which no effort of will on his part could suppress.
Next moment he was absolutely unconscious; black darkness blotted out everything.
He had fallen in an epileptic fit.
*****
As is well known, these fits occur instantaneously.
The face, especially the eyes, become terribly disfigured, convulsions seize the limbs, a terrible cry breaks from the sufferer, a wail from which everything human seems to be blotted out, so that it is impossible to believe that the man who has just fallen is the same who emitted the dreadful cry.
It seems more as though some other being, inside the stricken one, had cried.

While he was deep in his musings, Becky woke up with a breezy little laugh but it was stricken dead upon her lips, and a groan followed it.
“Oh, how could I sleep!
I wish I never, never had waked!
No!
No, I don't, Tom!
Don't look so!
I won't say it again.”
“I'm glad you've slept, Becky; you'll feel rested, now, and we'll find the way out.”
“We can try, Tom; but I've seen such a beautiful country in my dream.
I reckon we are going there.”
“Maybe not, maybe not.
Cheer up, Becky, and let's go on trying.”
They rose up and wandered along, hand in hand and hopeless.
They tried to estimate how long they had been in the cave, but all they knew was that it seemed days and weeks, and yet it was plain that this could not be, for their candles were not gone yet.
A long time after this they could not tell how long Tom said they must go softly and listen for dripping water they must find a spring.
They found one presently, and Tom said it was time to rest again.

"I beg your pardon, sir, but did Mr. Voules ask you for the afternoon?"
I didn't see what business if was of hers, but she seemed all worked up about it, so I told her.
"Yes, I have given him the afternoon off."
She broke down absolutely collapsed.
Devilish unpleasant it was.
I'm hopeless in a situation like this.
After I'd said, "There, there!"
which didn't seem to help much, I hadn't any remarks to make.
"He s-said he was going to the tables to gamble away all his savings and then shoot himself, because he had nothing left to live for."
I suddenly remembered the scrap in the small hours outside my state-room door.
I hate mysteries.
I meant to get to the bottom of this.

Better make it out for £ 4000.”
With a dazed face the banker made out the required check.
Holmes walked over to his desk, took out a little triangular piece of gold with three gems in it, and threw it down upon the table.
With a shriek of joy our client clutched it up.
“You have it!” he gasped.
“I am saved!
I am saved!”
The reaction of joy was as passionate as his grief had been, and he hugged his recovered gems to his bosom.
“There is one other thing you owe, Mr. Holder,” said Sherlock Holmes rather sternly.
“Owe!” He caught up a pen.
“Name the sum, and I will pay it.”
“No, the debt is not to me.
You owe a very humble apology to that noble lad, your son, who has carried himself in this matter as I should be proud to see my own son do, should I ever chance to have one.”
“Then it was not Arthur who took them?”
“I told you yesterday, and I repeat to-day, that it was not.”
“You are sure of it!
Then let us hurry to him at once to let him know that the truth is known.”
“He knows it already.
When I had cleared it all up I had an interview with him, and finding that he would not tell me the story, I told it to him, on which he had to confess that I was right and to add the very few details which were not yet quite clear to me.

Where is the second hearse?
Away, mates, to the ship!
those boats are useless now; repair them if ye can in time, and return to me; if not, Ahab is enough to die—Down, men!
the first thing that but offers to jump from this boat I stand in, that thing I harpoon.
Ye are not other men, but my arms and my legs; and so obey me.—Where’s the whale?
gone down again?”
But he looked too nigh the boat; for as if bent upon escaping with the corpse he bore, and as if the particular place of the last encounter had been but a stage in his leeward voyage, Moby Dick was now again steadily swimming forward; and had almost passed the ship,—which thus far had been sailing in the contrary direction to him, though for the present her headway had been stopped.
He seemed swimming with his utmost velocity, and now only intent upon pursuing his own straight path in the sea.
“Oh!
Ahab,” cried Starbuck, “not too late is it, even now, the third day, to desist.
See!
Moby Dick seeks thee not.
It is thou, thou, that madly seekest him!”
Setting sail to the rising wind, the lonely boat was swiftly impelled to leeward, by both oars and canvas.

The valley opened out into a great plain dotted over with rocks and cut up by ravines.
At one end stood a little village, and at the other the thick jungle came down in a sweep to the grazing-grounds, and stopped there as though it had been cut off with a hoe.
All over the plain, cattle and buffaloes were grazing, and when the little boys in charge of the herds saw Mowgli they shouted and ran away, and the yellow pariah dogs that hang about every Indian village barked.
Mowgli walked on, for he was feeling hungry, and when he came to the village gate he saw the big thorn-bush that was drawn up before the gate at twilight, pushed to one side.
“Umph!” he said, for he had come across more than one such barricade in his night rambles after things to eat.
“So men are afraid of the People of the Jungle here also.” He sat down by the gate, and when a man came out he stood up, opened his mouth, and pointed down it to show that he wanted food.
The man stared, and ran back up the one street of the village shouting for the priest, who was a big, fat man dressed in white, with a red and yellow mark on his forehead.
The priest came to the gate, and with him at least a hundred people, who stared and talked and shouted and pointed at Mowgli.
“They have no manners, these Men Folk,” said Mowgli to himself.
“Only the gray ape would behave as they do.” So he threw back his long hair and frowned at the crowd.
“What is there to be afraid of?” said the priest.
“Look at the marks on his arms and legs.

So after idling away an hour, they drove home again, and having paid his respects to Mrs. Carrol, Laurie left them, promising to return in the evening.
It must be recorded of Amy that she deliberately prinked that night.
Time and absence had done its work on both the young people.
She had seen her old friend in a new light, not as 'our boy', but as a handsome and agreeable man, and she was conscious of a very natural desire to find favor in his sight.
Amy knew her good points, and made the most of them with the taste and skill which is a fortune to a poor and pretty woman.
Tarlatan and tulle were cheap at Nice, so she enveloped herself in them on such occasions, and following the sensible English fashion of simple dress for young girls, got up charming little toilettes with fresh flowers, a few trinkets, and all manner of dainty devices, which were both inexpensive and effective.
It must be confessed that the artist sometimes got possession of the woman, and indulged in antique coiffures, statuesque attitudes, and classic draperies.
But, dear heart, we all have our little weaknesses, and find it easy to pardon such in the young, who satisfy our eyes with their comeliness, and keep our hearts merry with their artless vanities.
"I do want him to think I look well, and tell them so at home," said Amy to herself, as she put on Flo's old white silk ball dress, and covered it with a cloud of fresh illusion, out of which her white shoulders and golden head emerged with a most artistic effect.
Her hair she had the sense to let alone, after gathering up the thick waves and curls into a Hebe-like knot at the back of her head.
"It's not the fashion, but it's becoming, and I can't afford to make a fright of myself," she used to say, when advised to frizzle, puff, or braid, as the latest style commanded.
Having no ornaments fine enough for this important occasion, Amy looped her fleecy skirts with rosy clusters of azalea, and framed the white shoulders in delicate green vines.

And then she told her mother the whole story.
The tears came into Mrs.
Gray's eyes, but they were tears of joy and gratitude.
"Jessy dear," she said, "when we say our prayers at night, let us never forget to pray for that good gentleman.
May Heaven bless him and reward him!
for if it had not been for him, Jessy dear, I fear you would never have found the 'Buttercup Gold.'"
THE PATIENT CAT 
When the spotted cat first found the nest, there was nothing in it, for it was only just finished.
So she said, "I will wait!"
for she was a patient cat, and the summer was before her.
She waited a week, and then she climbed up again to the top of the tree, and peeped into the nest.
There lay two lovely blue eggs, smooth and shining.
The spotted cat said, "Eggs may be good, but young birds are better.
I will wait."

“I meant to say I only meant to say,” said the prince, faltering, “I merely meant to explain to Aglaya Ivanovna to have the honour to explain, as it were that I had no intention never had to ask the honour of her hand.
I assure you I am not guilty, Aglaya Ivanovna, I am not, indeed.
I never did wish to I never thought of it at all and never shall you’ll see it yourself you may be quite assured of it.
Some wicked person has been maligning me to you; but it’s all right.
Don’t worry about it.”
So saying, the prince approached Aglaya.
She took the handkerchief from her face, glanced keenly at him, took in what he had said, and burst out laughing such a merry, unrestrained laugh, so hearty and gay, that Adelaida could not contain herself.
She, too, glanced at the prince’s panic-stricken countenance, then rushed at her sister, threw her arms round her neck, and burst into as merry a fit of laughter as Aglaya’s own.
They laughed together like a couple of school-girls.
Hearing and seeing this, the prince smiled happily, and in accents of relief and joy, he exclaimed “Well, thank God thank God!”
Alexandra now joined in, and it looked as though the three sisters were going to laugh on for ever.
“They are insane,” muttered Lizabetha Prokofievna.
“Either they frighten one out of one’s wits, or else ”
But Prince S. was laughing now, too, so was Evgenie Pavlovitch, so was Colia, and so was the prince himself, who caught the infection as he looked round radiantly upon the others.
“Come along, let’s go out for a walk!” cried Adelaida.

"Do you recollect, Mrs. Cluppins," said Sergeant Buzfuz, "do you recollect being in Mrs. Bardell's back room on one particular morning last July, when she was dusting Pickwick's apartment?"
"Yes, my lord and jury, I do," replied Mrs. Cluppins.
"What were you doing in the back room, ma'am?"
inquired the little judge.
"My lord and jury," said Mrs. Cluppins, "I will not deceive you."
"You had better not, ma'am," said the little judge.
"I was there," resumed Mrs. Cluppins, "unbeknown to Mrs. Bardell; I had been out with a little basket, gentlemen, to buy three pounds of red kidney pertaties, which was tuppence ha'penny, when I see Mrs. Bardell's street-door on the jar."
"On the what?"
exclaimed the little judge.
"Partly open, my lord."
"She said on the jar," said the little judge, with a cunning look.
"I walked in, gentlemen, just to say good mornin', and went in a permiscuous manner upstairs, and into the back room.

She moved swiftly along the fields and groves murmuring strange words as she went, and addressing an incantation to the moon and to the stars.
There was a goddess, named Hecate, who was supposed to represent the darkness and terror of the night as Diana represented its beauties.
At dusk she began her wandering over the earth, seen only by dogs who howled at her approach.
Medea followed Hecate, imploring her help, and she also called to Tellus, that goddess of the earth by whose power those herbs that could be brewed for enchantment were grown.
And Medea invoked the aid also of the gods of the woods and caverns, of valleys and mountains, of rivers and lakes, and of the winds and vapors.
As Medea took her enchanted way through the night, the stars shone with an unusual brilliancy and presently a chariot, drawn by flying serpents descended to meet her through the air.
Medea ascended in it and made her way to distant regions where the most powerful plants grew and brought them back before the day's first light for her uses.
Nine nights Medea rode away in the chariot of the flying serpents, and in all that time she did not go within the doors of her palace or shelter herself under any roof, or speak to a human being.
Hebe was the goddess of youth and one of the cup bearers of the gods.
When Medea had gathered the herbs which she needed for her potion, she built a fire in front of a nearby temple to Hebe and over the fire she hung a very wide and deep caldron.
In this caldron she mixed the herbs with seeds and flowers that gave out a bitter juice, stones from the far distant east, and sands from the encircling shore of the ocean.
There were other ingredients, also, in this brew; a screech owl's head and wings, hoar frost gathered by moonlight, fragments of the shells of tortoises who of all creatures are the most long lived, and the head and beak of a crow, the birds that outlives nine generations of men.

She knew where the birds built their nests, where the baby deer were born, where the squirrels hid their nuts, and what food all the dwellers in the forest liked best.
She helped her father to work in their garden in which all their own food was grown; and she loved to cook the fruit and vegetables for Mana Kanaka and herself.
Her clothes were made of the bark of the trees in the forest, which she herself wove into thin soft material suitable for wearing in a hot climate.
1.
What do you think it was which made the animals trust Kadali-Garbha?
2.
Could you have been happy in the forest with no other children to play with?
Kadali-Garbha never even thought about other children, because she had not been used to having them with her.
She was just as happy as the day was long, and never wished for any change.
But when she was about sixteen something happened which quite altered her whole life.
One day her father had gone into the forest to cut wood, and had left her alone.
She had finished tidying the house, and got everything ready for the midday meal, and was sitting at the door of her home, reading to herself, with birds fluttering about her head and a pet doe lying beside her, when she heard the noise of a horse's feet approaching.

Marianne, though without knowing it herself, reaped all its advantage; for neither Mrs. Jennings, nor Sir John, nor even Mrs. Palmer herself, ever spoke of him before her.
Elinor wished that the same forbearance could have extended towards herself, but that was impossible, and she was obliged to listen day after day to the indignation of them all.
Sir John, could not have thought it possible.
"A man of whom he had always had such reason to think well!
Such a good-natured fellow!
He did not believe there was a bolder rider in England!
It was an unaccountable business.
He wished him at the devil with all his heart.
He would not speak another word to him, meet him where he might, for all the world!
No, not if it were to be by the side of Barton covert, and they were kept watching for two hours together.
Such a scoundrel of a fellow!
such a deceitful dog!

I could feel the succulent giving of flesh and bone under my blows, and for a moment I was free.
“The strange exultation that so often seems to accompany hard fighting came upon me.
I knew that both I and Weena were lost, but I determined to make the Morlocks pay for their meat.
I stood with my back to a tree, swinging the iron bar before me.
The whole wood was full of the stir and cries of them.
A minute passed.
Their voices seemed to rise to a higher pitch of excitement, and their movements grew faster.
Yet none came within reach.
I stood glaring at the blackness.
Then suddenly came hope.
What if the Morlocks were afraid?
And close on the heels of that came a strange thing.

Bitter, bitter was the pain, and wilder and wilder grew her song, for she sang of the Love that is perfected by Death, of the Love that dies not in the tomb.
And the marvellous rose became crimson, like the rose of the eastern sky.
Crimson was the girdle of petals, and crimson as a ruby was the heart.
But the Nightingale’s voice grew fainter, and her little wings began to beat, and a film came over her eyes.
Fainter and fainter grew her song, and she felt something choking her in her throat.
Then she gave one last burst of music.
The white Moon heard it, and she forgot the dawn, and lingered on in the sky.
The red rose heard it, and it trembled all over with ecstasy, and opened its petals to the cold morning air.
Echo bore it to her purple cavern in the hills, and woke the sleeping shepherds from their dreams.
It floated through the reeds of the river, and they carried its message to the sea.
“Look, look!” cried the Tree, “the rose is finished now”; but the Nightingale made no answer, for she was lying dead in the long grass, with the thorn in her heart.
And at noon the Student opened his window and looked out.

But Mowgli’s plan was simple enough.
All he wanted to do was to make a big circle uphill and get at the head of the ravine, and then take the bulls down it and catch Shere Khan between the bulls and the cows; for he knew that after a meal and a full drink Shere Khan would not be in any condition to fight or to clamber up the sides of the ravine.
He was soothing the buffaloes now by voice, and Akela had dropped far to the rear, only whimpering once or twice to hurry the rear-guard.
It was a long, long circle, for they did not wish to get too near the ravine and give Shere Khan warning.
At last Mowgli rounded up the bewildered herd at the head of the ravine on a grassy patch that sloped steeply down to the ravine itself.
From that height you could see across the tops of the trees down to the plain below; but what Mowgli looked at was the sides of the ravine, and he saw with a great deal of satisfaction that they ran nearly straight up and down, while the vines and creepers that hung over them would give no foothold to a tiger who wanted to get out.
“Let them breathe, Akela,” he said, holding up his hand.
“They have not winded him yet.
Let them breathe.
I must tell Shere Khan who comes.
We have him in the trap.”
He put his hands to his mouth and shouted down the ravine it was almost like shouting down a tunnel and the echoes jumped from rock to rock.
After a long time there came back the drawling, sleepy snarl of a full-fed tiger just wakened.

he added, all in one breath.
"Oh, yes!"
said Jo, and he was quite satisfied, for she folded both hands over his arm, and looked up at him with an expression that plainly showed how happy she would be to walk through life beside him, even though she had no better shelter than the old umbrella, if he carried it.
It was certainly proposing under difficulties, for even if he had desired to do so, Mr. Bhaer could not go down upon his knees, on account of the mud.
Neither could he offer Jo his hand, except figuratively, for both were full.
Much less could he indulge in tender remonstrations in the open street, though he was near it.
So the only way in which he could express his rapture was to look at her, with an expression which glorified his face to such a degree that there actually seemed to be little rainbows in the drops that sparkled on his beard.
If he had not loved Jo very much, I don't think he could have done it then, for she looked far from lovely, with her skirts in a deplorable state, her rubber boots splashed to the ankle, and her bonnet a ruin.
Fortunately, Mr. Bhaer considered her the most beautiful woman living, and she found him more "Jove-like" than ever, though his hatbrim was quite limp with the little rills trickling thence upon his shoulders (for he held the umbrella all over Jo), and every finger of his gloves needed mending.
Passers-by probably thought them a pair of harmless lunatics, for they entirely forgot to hail a bus, and strolled leisurely along, oblivious of deepening dusk and fog.
Little they cared what anybody thought, for they were enjoying the happy hour that seldom comes but once in any life, the magical moment which bestows youth on the old, beauty on the plain, wealth on the poor, and gives human hearts a foretaste of heaven.
The Professor looked as if he had conquered a kingdom, and the world had nothing more to offer him in the way of bliss.

My orders are that no one is to know that we come here.
Dickon and my cousin have worked and made it come alive.
I shall send for you sometimes to help—but you must come when no one can see you.”
Ben Weatherstaff’s face twisted itself in a dry old smile.
“I’ve come here before when no one saw me,” he said.
“What!” exclaimed Colin.
“When?”
“Th’ last time I was here,” rubbing his chin and looking round, “was about two year’ ago.”
“But no one has been in it for ten years!” cried Colin.
“There was no door!”
“I’m no one,” said old Ben dryly.
“An’ I didn’t come through th’ door.
I come over th’ wall.
Th’ rheumatics held me back th’ last two year’.”
“Tha’ come an’ did a bit o’ prunin’!” cried Dickon.
“I couldn’t make out how it had been done.”
“She was so fond of it—she was!” said Ben Weatherstaff slowly.
“An’ she was such a pretty young thing.

In books too, as well as in music, she courted the misery which a contrast between the past and present was certain of giving.
She read nothing but what they had been used to read together.
Such violence of affliction indeed could not be supported for ever; it sunk within a few days into a calmer melancholy; but these employments, to which she daily recurred, her solitary walks and silent meditations, still produced occasional effusions of sorrow as lively as ever.
No letter from Willoughby came; and none seemed expected by Marianne.
Her mother was surprised, and Elinor again became uneasy.
But Mrs.
Dashwood could find explanations whenever she wanted them, which at least satisfied herself.
"Remember, Elinor," said she, "how very often Sir John fetches our letters himself from the post, and carries them to it.
We have already agreed that secrecy may be necessary, and we must acknowledge that it could not be maintained if their correspondence were to pass through Sir John's hands."
Elinor could not deny the truth of this, and she tried to find in it a motive sufficient for their silence.
But there was one method so direct, so simple, and in her opinion so eligible of knowing the real state of the affair, and of instantly removing all mystery, that she could not help suggesting it to her mother.
"Why do you not ask Marianne at once," said she, "whether she is or she is not engaged to Willoughby?
From you, her mother, and so kind, so indulgent a mother, the question could not give offence.

On Edward's side, more particularly, there was a deficiency of all that a lover ought to look and say on such an occasion.
He was confused, seemed scarcely sensible of pleasure in seeing them, looked neither rapturous nor gay, said little but what was forced from him by questions, and distinguished Elinor by no mark of affection.
Marianne saw and listened with increasing surprise.
She began almost to feel a dislike of Edward; and it ended, as every feeling must end with her, by carrying back her thoughts to Willoughby, whose manners formed a contrast sufficiently striking to those of his brother elect.
After a short silence which succeeded the first surprise and enquiries of meeting, Marianne asked Edward if he came directly from London.
No, he had been in Devonshire a fortnight.
"A fortnight!"
she repeated, surprised at his being so long in the same county with Elinor without seeing her before.
He looked rather distressed as he added, that he had been staying with some friends near Plymouth.
"Have you been lately in Sussex?"
said Elinor.
"I was at Norland about a month ago."

answered Jo with her mouth full.
"If I only had a silk!"
sighed Meg.
"Mother says I may when I'm eighteen perhaps, but two years is an everlasting time to wait."
"I'm sure our pops look like silk, and they are nice enough for us.
Yours is as good as new, but I forgot the burn and the tear in mine.
Whatever shall I do?
The burn shows badly, and I can't take any out."
"You must sit still all you can and keep your back out of sight.
The front is all right.
I shall have a new ribbon for my hair, and Marmee will lend me her little pearl pin, and my new slippers are lovely, and my gloves will do, though they aren't as nice as I'd like."
"Mine are spoiled with lemonade, and I can't get any new ones, so I shall have to go without," said Jo, who never troubled herself much about dress.

The sun was now an hour or two beyond its noontide mark, and filled the great hollow of the valley with its western radiance, so that it seemed to be brimming with mellow light, and to spill it over the surrounding hill-sides, like golden wine out of a bowl.
It was such a day that you could not help saying of it, "There never was such a day before!"
although yesterday was just such a day, and to-morrow will be just such another.
Ah, but there are very few of them in a twelvemonth's circle!
It is a remarkable peculiarity of these October days, that each of them seems to occupy a great deal of space, although the sun rises rather tardily at that season of the year, and goes to bed, as little children ought, at sober six o'clock, or even earlier.
We cannot, therefore, call the days long; but they appear, somehow or other, to make up for their shortness by their breadth; and when the cool night comes, we are conscious of having enjoyed a big armful of life, since morning.
"Come, children, come!"
cried Eustace Bright.
"More nuts, more nuts, more nuts!
Fill all your baskets; and, at Christmas time, I will crack them for you, and tell you beautiful stories!"
So away they went; all of them in excellent spirits, except little Dandelion, who, I am sorry to tell you, had been sitting on a chestnut-bur, and was stuck as full as a pincushion of its prickles.
Dear me, how uncomfortably he must have felt!

“Mr.
Starbuck, drive ’em aft.”
“Strike the tent there!”—was the next order.
As I hinted before, this whalebone marquee was never pitched except in port; and on board the Pequod, for thirty years, the order to strike the tent was well known to be the next thing to heaving up the anchor.
“Man the capstan!
Blood and thunder!—jump!”—was the next command, and the crew sprang for the handspikes.
Now in getting under weigh, the station generally occupied by the pilot is the forward part of the ship.
And here Bildad, who, with Peleg, be it known, in addition to his other officers, was one of the licensed pilots of the port—he being suspected to have got himself made a pilot in order to save the Nantucket pilot-fee to all the ships he was concerned in, for he never piloted any other craft—Bildad, I say, might now be seen actively engaged in looking over the bows for the approaching anchor, and at intervals singing what seemed a dismal stave of psalmody, to cheer the hands at the windlass, who roared forth some sort of a chorus about the girls in Booble Alley, with hearty good will.
Nevertheless, not three days previous, Bildad had told them that no profane songs would be allowed on board the Pequod, particularly in getting under weigh; and Charity, his sister, had placed a small choice copy of Watts in each seaman’s berth.
Meantime, overseeing the other part of the ship, Captain Peleg ripped and swore astern in the most frightful manner.
I almost thought he would sink the ship before the anchor could be got up; involuntarily I paused on my handspike, and told Queequeg to do the same, thinking of the perils we both ran, in starting on the voyage with such a devil for a pilot.
I was comforting myself, however, with the thought that in pious Bildad might be found some salvation, spite of his seven hundred and seventy-seventh lay; when I felt a sudden sharp poke in my rear, and turning round, was horrified at the apparition of Captain Peleg in the act of withdrawing his leg from my immediate vicinity.
That was my first kick.

In conversation with Rogojin he had attributed this sensation to pity immeasurable pity, and this was the truth.
The sight of the portrait face alone had filled his heart full of the agony of real sympathy; and this feeling of sympathy, nay, of actual suffering, for her, had never left his heart since that hour, and was still in full force.
Oh yes, and more powerful than ever!
But the prince was not satisfied with what he had said to Rogojin.
Only at this moment, when she suddenly made her appearance before him, did he realize to the full the exact emotion which she called up in him, and which he had not described correctly to Rogojin.
And, indeed, there were no words in which he could have expressed his horror, yes, horror, for he was now fully convinced from his own private knowledge of her, that the woman was mad.
If, loving a woman above everything in the world, or at least having a foretaste of the possibility of such love for her, one were suddenly to behold her on a chain, behind bars and under the lash of a keeper, one would feel something like what the poor prince now felt.
“What’s the matter?” asked Aglaya, in a whisper, giving his sleeve a little tug.
He turned his head towards her and glanced at her black and (for some reason) flashing eyes, tried to smile, and then, apparently forgetting her in an instant, turned to the right once more, and continued to watch the startling apparition before him.
Nastasia Philipovna was at this moment passing the young ladies’ chairs.
Evgenie Pavlovitch continued some apparently extremely funny and interesting anecdote to Alexandra, speaking quickly and with much animation.
The prince remembered that at this moment Aglaya remarked in a half-whisper:
“What a ”
She did not finish her indefinite sentence; she restrained herself in a moment; but it was enough.

Sallie was very kind, and often offered her the coveted trifles, but Meg declined them, knowing that John wouldn't like it, and then this foolish little woman went and did what John disliked even worse.
She knew her husband's income, and she loved to feel that he trusted her, not only with his happiness, but what some men seem to value more his money.
She knew where it was, was free to take what she liked, and all he asked was that she should keep account of every penny, pay bills once a month, and remember that she was a poor man's wife.
Till now she had done well, been prudent and exact, kept her little account books neatly, and showed them to him monthly without fear.
But that autumn the serpent got into Meg's paradise, and tempted her like many a modern Eve, not with apples, but with dress.
Meg didn't like to be pitied and made to feel poor.
It irritated her, but she was ashamed to confess it, and now and then she tried to console herself by buying something pretty, so that Sallie needn't think she had to economize.
She always felt wicked after it, for the pretty things were seldom necessaries, but then they cost so little, it wasn't worth worrying about, so the trifles increased unconsciously, and in the shopping excursions she was no longer a passive looker-on.
But the trifles cost more than one would imagine, and when she cast up her accounts at the end of the month the sum total rather scared her.
John was busy that month and left the bills to her, the next month he was absent, but the third he had a grand quarterly settling up, and Meg never forgot it.
A few days before she had done a dreadful thing, and it weighed upon her conscience.
Sallie had been buying silks, and Meg longed for a new one, just a handsome light one for parties, her black silk was so common, and thin things for evening wear were only proper for girls.

Then going on board, the mariners trimmed the vessel's black sails to the wind, which blew faintly off the shore, being pretty much made up of the sighs that everybody kept pouring forth on this melancholy occasion.
But by and by, when they had got fairly out to sea, there came a stiff breeze from the north-west, and drove them along as merrily over the white-capped waves as if they had been going on the most delightful errand imaginable.
And though it was a sad business enough, I rather question whether fourteen young people, without any old persons to keep them in order, could continue to spend the whole time of the voyage in being miserable.
There had been some few dances upon the undulating deck, I suspect, and some hearty bursts of laughter, and other such unseasonable merriment among the victims, before the high blue mountains of Crete began to show themselves among the far-off clouds.
That sight, to be sure, made them all very grave again.
Theseus stood among the sailors, gazing eagerly towards the land; although, as yet, it seemed hardly more substantial than the clouds, amidst which the mountains were looming up.
Once or twice, he fancied that he saw a glare of some bright object, a long way off, flinging a gleam across the waves.
"Did you see that flash of light?"
he inquired of the master of the vessel.
"No, prince; but I have seen it before," answered the master.
"It came from Talus, I suppose."
As the breeze came fresher just then, the master was busy with trimming his sails, and had no more time to answer questions.

Have you more to say?” She was very angry.
“Yes, I have a little more,” said Evgenie Pavlovitch, with a smile.
“It seems to me that all you and your friends have said, Mr. Terentieff, and all you have just put forward with such undeniable talent, may be summed up in the triumph of right above all, independent of everything else, to the exclusion of everything else; perhaps even before having discovered what constitutes the right.
I may be mistaken?”
“You are certainly mistaken; I do not even understand you.
What else?”
Murmurs arose in the neighbourhood of Burdovsky and his companions; Lebedeff’s nephew protested under his breath.
“I have nearly finished,” replied Evgenie Pavlovitch.
“I will only remark that from these premises one could conclude that might is right I mean the right of the clenched fist, and of personal inclination.
Indeed, the world has often come to that conclusion.
Prudhon upheld that might is right.
In the American War some of the most advanced Liberals took sides with the planters on the score that the blacks were an inferior race to the whites, and that might was the right of the white race.”
“Well?”
“You mean, no doubt, that you do not deny that might is right?”
“What then?”
“You are at least logical.
I would only point out that from the right of might, to the right of tigers and crocodiles, or even Daniloff and Gorsky, is but a step.”
“I know nothing about that; what else?”
Hippolyte was scarcely listening.
He kept saying “well?” and “what else?”
 mechanically, without the least curiosity, and by mere force of habit.

"He is a good Wizard.
Whether he is a man or not I cannot tell, for I have never seen him."
"How can I get there?"
asked Dorothy.
"You must walk.
It is a long journey, through a country that is sometimes pleasant and sometimes dark and terrible.
However, I will use all the magic arts I know of to keep you from harm."
"Won't you go with me?"
pleaded the girl, who had begun to look upon the little old woman as her only friend.
"No, I cannot do that," she replied, "but I will give you my kiss, and no one will dare injure a person who has been kissed by the Witch of the North."
She came close to Dorothy and kissed her gently on the forehead.
Where her lips touched the girl they left a round, shining mark, as Dorothy found out soon after.

Quick!
offer him the wine!"
Now King Aegeus had been gazing earnestly at the young stranger, as he drew near the throne.
There was something, he knew not what, either in his white brow, or in the fine expression of his mouth, or in his beautiful and tender eyes, that made him indistinctly feel as if he had seen this youth before; as if, indeed, he had trotted him on his knee when a baby, and had beheld him growing to be a stalwart man, while he himself grew old.
But Medea guessed how the king felt, and would not suffer him to yield to these natural sensibilities; although they were the voice of his deepest heart, telling him as plainly as it could speak, that here was our dear son, and Aethra's son, coming to claim him for a father.
The enchantress again whispered in the king's ear, and compelled him, by her witchcraft, to see everything under a false aspect.
He made up his mind, therefore, to let Theseus drink off the poisoned wine.
"Young man," said he, "you are welcome!
I am proud to show hospitality to so heroic a youth.
Do me the favor to drink the contents of this goblet.
It is brimming over, as you see, with delicious wine, such as I bestow only on those who are worthy of it!
None is more worthy to quaff it than yourself!"

The first part of the review was all sunshine, and the regiments went by in wave upon wave of legs all moving together, and guns all in a line, till our eyes grew dizzy.
Then the cavalry came up, to the beautiful cavalry canter of “Bonnie Dundee,” and Vixen cocked her ear where she sat on the dog-cart.
The second squadron of the Lancers shot by, and there was the troop-horse, with his tail like spun silk, his head pulled into his breast, one ear forward and one back, setting the time for all his squadron, his legs going as smoothly as waltz music.
Then the big guns came by, and I saw Two Tails and two other elephants harnessed in line to a forty-pounder siege gun, while twenty yoke of oxen walked behind.
The seventh pair had a new yoke, and they looked rather stiff and tired.
Last came the screw guns, and Billy the mule carried himself as though he commanded all the troops, and his harness was oiled and polished till it winked.
I gave a cheer all by myself for Billy the mule, but he never looked right or left.
The rain began to fall again, and for a while it was too misty to see what the troops were doing.
They had made a big half circle across the plain, and were spreading out into a line.
That line grew and grew and grew till it was three-quarters of a mile long from wing to wing one solid wall of men, horses, and guns.
Then it came on straight toward the Viceroy and the Amir, and as it got nearer the ground began to shake, like the deck of a steamer when the engines are going fast.
Unless you have been there you cannot imagine what a frightening effect this steady come-down of troops has on the spectators, even when they know it is only a review.

"You seem determined to try to look on the dark side.
Do you insinuate that we are not acting in the proprietor's best interests?
When he gets his check for the receipts, after I have handled the paper awhile, he will go singing about the streets.
His beaming smile will be a byword.
Visitors will be shown it as one of the sights.
His only doubt will be whether to send his money to the bank or keep it in tubs and roll in it.
And anyway," he added, "he's in Europe somewhere, and never sees the paper, sensible man."
He scratched a speck of dust off his coat-sleeve with his finger nail.
"This is a big thing," he resumed.
"Wait till you see the first number of the new series.
My idea is that Peaceful Moments shall become a pretty warm proposition.
Its tone shall be such that the public will wonder why we do not print it on asbestos.

A short, stout, ruddy young fellow, very pugnacious concerning whales, who somehow seemed to think that the great leviathans had personally and hereditarily affronted him; and therefore it was a sort of point of honor with him, to destroy them whenever encountered.
So utterly lost was he to all sense of reverence for the many marvels of their majestic bulk and mystic ways; and so dead to anything like an apprehension of any possible danger from encountering them; that in his poor opinion, the wondrous whale was but a species of magnified mouse, or at least water-rat, requiring only a little circumvention and some small application of time and trouble in order to kill and boil.
This ignorant, unconscious fearlessness of his made him a little waggish in the matter of whales; he followed these fish for the fun of it; and a three years’ voyage round Cape Horn was only a jolly joke that lasted that length of time.
As a carpenter’s nails are divided into wrought nails and cut nails; so mankind may be similarly divided.
Little Flask was one of the wrought ones; made to clinch tight and last long.
They called him King-Post on board of the Pequod; because, in form, he could be well likened to the short, square timber known by that name in Arctic whalers; and which by the means of many radiating side timbers inserted into it, serves to brace the ship against the icy concussions of those battering seas.
Now these three mates—Starbuck, Stubb, and Flask, were momentous men.
They it was who by universal prescription commanded three of the Pequod’s boats as headsmen.
In that grand order of battle in which Captain Ahab would probably marshal his forces to descend on the whales, these three headsmen were as captains of companies.
Or, being armed with their long keen whaling spears, they were as a picked trio of lancers; even as the harpooneers were flingers of javelins.
And since in this famous fishery, each mate or headsman, like a Gothic Knight of old, is always accompanied by his boat-steerer or harpooneer, who in certain conjunctures provides him with a fresh lance, when the former one has been badly twisted, or elbowed in the assault; and moreover, as there generally subsists between the two, a close intimacy and friendliness; it is therefore but meet, that in this place we set down who the Pequod’s harpooneers were, and to what headsman each of them belonged.
First of all was Queequeg, whom Starbuck, the chief mate, had selected for his squire.

"Why, as to the story of King Midas," said saucy Primrose, "it was a famous one thousands of years before Mr. Eustace Bright came into the world, and will continue to be so long after he quits it.
But some people have what we may call 'The Leaden Touch,' and make everything dull and heavy that they lay their fingers upon."
"You are a smart child, Primrose, to be not yet in your teens," said Eustace, taken rather aback by the piquancy of her criticism.
"But you well know, in your naughty little heart, that I have burnished the old gold of Midas all over anew, and have made it shine as it never shone before.
And then that figure of Marygold!
Do you perceive no nice workmanship in that?
And how finely I have brought out and deepened the moral!
What say you, Sweet Fern, Dandelion, Clover, Periwinkle?
Would any of you, after hearing this story, be so foolish as to desire the faculty of changing things to gold?"
"I should like," said Periwinkle, a girl of ten, "to have the power of turning everything to gold with my right forefinger; but, with my left forefinger, I should want the power of changing it back again, if the first change did not please me.
And I know what I would do, this very afternoon!"
"Pray tell me," said Eustace.

When Sara entered the shop the woman turned and looked at her, and, leaving the buns, came and stood behind the counter.
For a moment she looked at Sara very hard indeed, and then her good-natured face lighted up.
"I'm sure that I remember you, miss," she said.
"And yet "
"Yes," said Sara; "once you gave me six buns for fourpence, and "
"And you gave five of 'em to a beggar child," the woman broke in on her.
"I've always remembered it.
I couldn't make it out at first."
She turned round to the Indian gentleman and spoke her next words to him.
"I beg your pardon, sir, but there's not many young people that notices a hungry face in that way; and I've thought of it many a time.
Excuse the liberty, miss," to Sara "but you look rosier and well, better than you did that that "
"I am better, thank you," said Sara.
"And I am much happier and I have come to ask you to do something for me."
"Me, miss!"
exclaimed the bun-woman, smiling cheerfully.

The husband agreed, and at evening, when they had everything ready, they laid out the presents on the table, and hid themselves to see how the little men would behave.
At midnight they came skipping in, and were about to set to work; but, instead of the leather ready cut out, they found the charming little clothes.
At first they were surprised, then excessively delighted.
With the greatest speed they put on and smoothed down the pretty clothes, singing:
  "Now we're dressed so fine and neat,   Why cobble more for others' feet?"
Then they hopped and danced about, and leaped over chairs and tables and out at the door.
Henceforward, they came back no more, but the shoemaker fared well as long as he lived, and had good luck in all his undertakings.
HANS IN LUCK 
Hans had served his master seven long years; so he said to him:
"Master, my time is out, and my wish is to return home to my mother:
give me, if you please, my reward."
The master answered: "Thou hast truly and faithfully served me; as the service was, so shall the reward be."
And he gave Hans a piece of gold as big as his head.
Hans pulled out his handkerchief, wrapped up the lump of gold in it, and, throwing it over his shoulder, made his way home.
As he went on his way, always putting one foot before the other, he met a man galloping briskly along on a fine horse.
"Ah!"

I love you, Mark!"
She flung her arms around his neck and hugged him till he choked.
When the soft arms loosened their hold, his eyes were dark.
"You love me because I have a tree?"
he said, "and because you like the things in the china pots?"
"Yes!"
said the child, "and because you are a dwarf, and because you are nice.
Most because you are nice, Mark, when those other dwarfs is yellow and horrid and all kinds of things."
"All right!"
said the dwarf.
"I love you, too.
Now soon we are coming to the cow.

Hans gladly consented, and the peasant flung himself on the horse and rode quickly off.
Hans drove the cow peacefully along, thinking: "What a lucky fellow I am!
I have just to get a bit of bread (and that isn't a difficult matter) and then, as often as I like, I can eat my butter and cheese with it.
If I am thirsty, I just milk my cow and drink.
What more could I desire?"
When he came to an inn, he made a stop, and in his great joy ate all the food he had with him right up, both dinner and supper.
With his two last farthings, he bought himself half a glass of beer.
Then he drove his cow towards his mother's village.
As the morning went on, the more oppressive the heat became, and Hans found himself in a field some three miles long.
Then he felt so hot that his tongue was parched with thirst.
"This is soon cured," thought Hans.
"I have only to milk my cow, drink, and refresh myself."

shouted the master in reply.
"On what errand?"
thundered the Man of Brass.
And he whirled his club aloft more threateningly than ever, as if he were about to smite them with a thunderstroke right amidships, because Athens, so little while ago, had been at war with Crete.
"We bring the seven youths and the seven maidens," answered the master, "to be devoured by the Minotaur!"
"Pass!"
cried the brazen giant.
That one loud word rolled all about the sky, while again there was a booming reverberation within the figure's breast.
The vessel glided between the headlands of the port, and the giant resumed his march.
In a few moments, this wondrous sentinel was far away, flashing in the distant sunshine, and revolving with immense strides round the island of Crete, as it was his never-ceasing task to do.
No sooner had they entered the harbor than a party of the guards of King Minos came down to the water side, and took charge of the fourteen young men and damsels.
Surrounded by these armed warriors, Prince Theseus and his companions were led to the king's palace, and ushered into his presence.

It is not worth while!” cried Lebedeff.
“There is no necessity to see them, and it would be most unpleasant for your excellency.
They do not deserve...”
“What?
Pavlicheff’s son!” cried the prince, much perturbed.
“I know...
I know but I entrusted this matter to Gavrila Ardalionovitch.
He told me...”
At that moment Gania, accompanied by Ptitsin, came out to the terrace.
From an adjoining room came a noise of angry voices, and General Ivolgin, in loud tones, seemed to be trying to shout them down.
Colia rushed off at once to investigate the cause of the uproar.
“This is most interesting!” observed Evgenie Pavlovitch.
“I expect he knows all about it!” thought the prince.
“What, the son of Pavlicheff?

"I hope not," he replied, trying to look cheerful; and with a forced smile presently added, "It is I who may rather expect to be ill for I am now suffering under a very heavy disappointment!"
"Disappointment?"
"Yes, for I am unable to keep my engagement with you.
Mrs. Smith has this morning exercised the privilege of riches upon a poor dependent cousin, by sending me on business to London.
I have just received my dispatches, and taken my farewell of Allenham; and by way of exhilaration I am now come to take my farewell of you."
"To London!
and are you going this morning?"
"Almost this moment."
"This is very unfortunate.
But Mrs. Smith must be obliged; and her business will not detain you from us long I hope."
He coloured as he replied, "You are very kind, but I have no idea of returning into Devonshire immediately.
My visits to Mrs. Smith are never repeated within the twelvemonth."

“But what of it!
Why is he here?
Was he asked?”
“Oh, dear, no!
Why, they don’t even know him!
Anyone can come in, you know.
Why do you look so amazed?
I often meet him; I’ve seen him at least four times, here at Pavlofsk, within the last week.”
“I haven’t seen him once since that day!” the prince murmured.
As Nastasia Philipovna had not said a word about having met Rogojin since “that day,” the prince concluded that the latter had his own reasons for wishing to keep out of sight.
All the day of the funeral our hero was in a deeply thoughtful state, while Nastasia Philipovna was particularly merry, both in the daytime and in the evening.
Colia had made it up with the prince before his father’s death, and it was he who urged him to make use of Keller and Burdovsky, promising to answer himself for the former’s behaviour.
Nina Alexandrovna and Lebedeff tried to persuade him to have the wedding in St. Petersburg, instead of in the public fashion contemplated, down here at Pavlofsk in the height of the season.
But the prince only said that Nastasia Philipovna desired to have it so, though he saw well enough what prompted their arguments.

But you are great fun, and I can't whip you," said the boy; for he knew what it was to enjoy a holiday, and poor Jocko had not had one for a long time.
Jocko ate some lunch, took a nap in the grass, and then was ready for more frolics.
Neddy had fastened him to a tree in the garden, so that he could enjoy the sun and air, and catch grasshoppers if he liked.
But Jocko wanted something more; and presently Neddy, who was reading in his hammock on the piazza, heard a great cackling among the hens, and looked up to see the monkey swinging by his tail from a bough, holding the great cock-a-doodle by his splendid tail, while all the twenty hens clucked and cackled with wrath and fear at such a dreadful prank.
"Now, that's too bad; I will slap him this time," said Neddy, running to save his handsome bird from destruction.
But before he got there poor cocky had pulled his fine tail-feathers all out in his struggles, and when set free was so frightened and mortified that he ran away and hid in the bushes, and the hens went to comfort him.
Neddy gave Jocko a good whipping, and left him looking as meek as a baby, all cuddled up in a little bunch, with his head in his hands as if crying for his naughtiness.
But he wasn't sorry.
Oh, dear, no!
for in half an hour he had picked every one of the sweet peas Aunt Jane was so fond of, thrown all the tomatoes over the fence, and let the parrot out of his cage.
The sight of Polly walking into the parlor with a polite "How are you, ma'am?"
sent Aunt Jane to see what was going on.

She was, above all distressed by the idea that her daughters might grow up “eccentric,” like herself; she believed that no other society girls were like them.
“They are growing into Nihilists!” she repeated over and over again.
For years she had tormented herself with this idea, and with the question: “Why don’t they get married?”
“It is to annoy their mother; that is their one aim in life; it can be nothing else.
The fact is it is all of a piece with these modern ideas, that wretched woman’s question!
Six months ago Aglaya took a fancy to cut off her magnificent hair.
Why, even I, when I was young, had nothing like it!
The scissors were in her hand, and I had to go down on my knees and implore her... She did it, I know, from sheer mischief, to spite her mother, for she is a naughty, capricious girl, a real spoiled child spiteful and mischievous to a degree!
And then Alexandra wanted to shave her head, not from caprice or mischief, but, like a little fool, simply because Aglaya persuaded her she would sleep better without her hair, and not suffer from headache!
And how many suitors have they not had during the last five years!
Excellent offers, too!
What more do they want?
Why don’t they get married?

In a little while he came.
He had been known in England as Charles Darnay.
Monseigneur received him in a courtly manner, but they did not shake hands.
“You left Paris yesterday, sir?” he said to Monseigneur, as he took his seat at table.
“Yesterday.
And you?”
“I come direct.”
“From London?”
“Yes.”
“You have been a long time coming,” said the Marquis, with a smile.
“On the contrary; I come direct.”
“Pardon me!
I mean, not a long time on the journey; a long time intending the journey.”
“I have been detained by” the nephew stopped a moment in his answer “various business.”
“Without doubt,” said the polished uncle.
So long as a servant was present, no other words passed between them.
When coffee had been served and they were alone together, the nephew, looking at the uncle and meeting the eyes of the face that was like a fine mask, opened a conversation.
“I have come back, sir, as you anticipate, pursuing the object that took me away.
It carried me into great and unexpected peril; but it is a sacred object, and if it had carried me to death I hope it would have sustained me.”
“Not to death,” said the uncle; “it is not necessary to say, to death.”
“I doubt, sir,” returned the nephew, “whether, if it had carried me to the utmost brink of death, you would have cared to stop me there.”
The deepened marks in the nose, and the lengthening of the fine straight lines in the cruel face, looked ominous as to that; the uncle made a graceful gesture of protest, which was so clearly a slight form of good breeding that it was not reassuring.

She never had much to show when she came home, but was studying nature, I dare say, while she sat for hours, with her hands folded, on the terrace at Valrosa, or absently sketched any fancy that occurred to her, a stalwart knight carved on a tomb, a young man asleep in the grass, with his hat over his eyes, or a curly haired girl in gorgeous array, promenading down a ballroom on the arm of a tall gentleman, both faces being left a blur according to the last fashion in art, which was safe but not altogether satisfactory.
Her aunt thought that she regretted her answer to Fred, and finding denials useless and explanations impossible, Amy left her to think what she liked, taking care that Laurie should know that Fred had gone to Egypt.
That was all, but he understood it, and looked relieved, as he said to himself, with a venerable air...
"I was sure she would think better of it.
Poor old fellow!
I've been through it all, and I can sympathize."
With that he heaved a great sigh, and then, as if he had discharged his duty to the past, put his feet up on the sofa and enjoyed Amy's letter luxuriously.
While these changes were going on abroad, trouble had come at home.
But the letter telling that Beth was failing never reached Amy, and when they next found her the grass was green above her sister.
The sad news met her at at Vevay, for the heat had driven them from Nice in May, and they had travelled slowly to Switzerland, by way of Genoa and the Italian lakes.
She bore it very well, and quietly submitted to the family decree that she should not shorten her visit, for since it was too late to say goodbye to Beth, she had better stay, and let absence soften her sorrow.
But her heart was very heavy, she longed to be at home, and every day looked wistfully across the lake, waiting for Laurie to come and comfort her.
He did come very soon, for the same mail brought letters to them both, but he was in Germany, and it took some days to reach him.

said Elinor, reproachfully; "a note would have answered every purpose.
Why was it necessary to call?"
"It was necessary to my own pride.
I could not bear to leave the country in a manner that might lead you, or the rest of the neighbourhood, to suspect any part of what had really passed between Mrs. Smith and myself and I resolved therefore on calling at the cottage, in my way to Honiton.
The sight of your dear sister, however, was really dreadful; and, to heighten the matter, I found her alone.
You were all gone I do not know where.
I had left her only the evening before, so fully, so firmly resolved within my self on doing right!
A few hours were to have engaged her to me for ever; and I remember how happy, how gay were my spirits, as I walked from the cottage to Allenham, satisfied with myself, delighted with every body!
But in this, our last interview of friendship, I approached her with a sense of guilt that almost took from me the power of dissembling.
Her sorrow, her disappointment, her deep regret, when I told her that I was obliged to leave Devonshire so immediately I never shall forget it united too with such reliance, such confidence in me!
Oh, God!
what a hard-hearted rascal I was!"

He just jogged along with his head down and his eyes half closed.
But nothing would make him step out of what he thought was the proper trail.
Two miles from camp, when we could already see the tents in the valley, we tried to make him take a short cut.
He absolutely refused and showed the usual signs of lying down.
He had been in charge all the way back and intended remaining so until we arrived.
Early one spring, I stopped at an Indian’s tepee for a cup of tea, a smoke and a little chat.
In front of the tent, a few yards away, stood the usual platform which all trappers build on four long, vertical piles so as to keep their stock of fish, meat, leather and pelts out of the reach of the dogs.
I was travelling with a team of six Huskies drawing a light sledge and had been making good time on the glare ice of the lakes and rivers.
For, although the snow was nearly all gone in the bush, it still froze hard each night.
Before leaving the camp I asked the Indian to sell me some white fish for dog feed, of which I was short.
He had plenty of it.
I knew that he kept the frozen fish on the platform.

It was the long walk outside the gardens with the walls round them.
There were bare flower-beds on either side of it and against the walls ivy grew thickly.
There was one part of the wall where the creeping dark green leaves were more bushy than elsewhere.
It seemed as if for a long time that part had been neglected.
The rest of it had been clipped and made to look neat, but at this lower end of the walk it had not been trimmed at all.
A few days after she had talked to Ben Weatherstaff, Mary stopped to notice this and wondered why it was so.
She had just paused and was looking up at a long spray of ivy swinging in the wind when she saw a gleam of scarlet and heard a brilliant chirp, and there, on the top of the wall, perched Ben Weatherstaff’s robin redbreast, tilting forward to look at her with his small head on one side.
“Oh!” she cried out, “is it you—is it you?” And it did not seem at all queer to her that she spoke to him as if she were sure that he would understand and answer her.
He did answer.
He twittered and chirped and hopped along the wall as if he were telling her all sorts of things.
It seemed to Mistress Mary as if she understood him, too, though he was not speaking in words.
It was as if he said:
“Good morning!

He looked up and down the mean street, and then surveyed the house before which they stood.
It was a small, dark edifice of two stories, the second of which projected over the lower floor, and the front apartment had the aspect of a shop for petty commodities.
"Now, truly, I am in luck," replied Robin, cunningly, "and so indeed is my kinsman, the Major, in having so pretty a housekeeper.
But I prithee trouble him to step to the door; I will deliver him a message from his friends in the country, and then go back to my lodgings at the inn."
"Nay, the Major has been abed this hour or more," said the lady of the scarlet petticoat; "and it would be to little purpose to disturb him to-night, seeing his evening draught was of the strongest.
But he is a kind-hearted man, and it would be as much as my life's worth to let a kinsman of his turn away from the door.
You are the good old gentleman's very picture, and I could swear that was his rainy-weather hat.
Also he has garments very much resembling those leather small-clothes.
But come in, I pray, for I bid you hearty welcome in his name."
So saying, the fair and hospitable dame took our hero by the hand; and the touch was light, and the force was gentleness, and though Robin read in her eyes what he did not hear in her words, yet the slender-waisted woman in the scarlet petticoat proved stronger than the athletic country youth.
She had drawn his half-willing footsteps nearly to the threshold, when the opening of a door in the neighborhood startled the Major's housekeeper, and, leaving the Major's kinsman, she vanished speedily into her own domicile.
A heavy yawn preceded the appearance of a man, who, like the Moonshine of Pyramus and Thisbe, carried a lantern, needlessly aiding his sister luminary in the heavens.

Queens of society can't get on without money, so you mean to make a good match, and start in that way?
Quite right and proper, as the world goes, but it sounds odd from the lips of one of your mother's girls."
"True, nevertheless."
A short speech, but the quiet decision with which it was uttered contrasted curiously with the young speaker.
Laurie felt this instinctively and laid himself down again, with a sense of disappointment which he could not explain.
His look and silence, as well as a certain inward self-disapproval, ruffled Amy, and made her resolve to deliver her lecture without delay.
"I wish you'd do me the favor to rouse yourself a little," she said sharply.
"Do it for me, there's a dear girl."
"I could, if I tried."
and she looked as if she would like doing it in the most summary style.
"Try, then.
I give you leave," returned Laurie, who enjoyed having someone to tease, after his long abstinence from his favorite pastime.

“Enough!” he concluded at last, “you understand me, and that is the great thing.
A heart like yours cannot help understanding the sufferings of another.
Prince, you are the ideal of generosity; what are other men beside yourself?
But you are young accept my blessing!
My principal object is to beg you to fix an hour for a most important conversation that is my great hope, prince.
My heart needs but a little friendship and sympathy, and yet I cannot always find means to satisfy it.”
“But why not now?
I am ready to listen, and ”
“No, no prince, not now!
Now is a dream!
And it is too, too important!
It is to be the hour of Fate to me my own hour.
Our interview is not to be broken in upon by every chance comer, every impertinent guest and there are plenty of such stupid, impertinent fellows” (he bent over and whispered mysteriously, with a funny, frightened look on his face) “who are unworthy to tie your shoe, prince.
I don’t say mine, mind you will understand me, prince.

“Yes.
I was speaking only half an hour ago to Mr. Henry Baker, who was a member of your goose club.”
“Ah!
yes, I see.
But you see, sir, them’s not our geese.”
“Indeed!
Whose, then?”
“Well, I got the two dozen from a salesman in Covent Garden.”
“Indeed?
I know some of them.
Which was it?”
“Breckinridge is his name.”
“Ah!
I don’t know him.
Well, here’s your good health landlord, and prosperity to your house.
Good-night.”
“Now for Mr. Breckinridge,” he continued, buttoning up his coat as we came out into the frosty air.
“Remember, Watson that though we have so homely a thing as a goose at one end of this chain, we have at the other a man who will certainly get seven years’ penal servitude unless we can establish his innocence.
It is possible that our inquiry may but confirm his guilt; but, in any case, we have a line of investigation which has been missed by the police, and which a singular chance has placed in our hands.

"And is Mrs. Smith your only friend?
Is Allenham the only house in the neighbourhood to which you will be welcome?
For shame, Willoughby, can you wait for an invitation here?"
His colour increased; and with his eyes fixed on the ground he only replied, "You are too good."
Mrs. Dashwood looked at Elinor with surprise.
Elinor felt equal amazement.
For a few moments every one was silent.
Mrs. Dashwood first spoke.
"I have only to add, my dear Willoughby, that at Barton cottage you will always be welcome; for I will not press you to return here immediately, because you only can judge how far THAT might be pleasing to Mrs. Smith; and on this head I shall be no more disposed to question your judgment than to doubt your inclination."
"My engagements at present," replied Willoughby, confusedly, "are of such a nature that I dare not flatter myself" 
He stopt.
Mrs. Dashwood was too much astonished to speak, and another pause succeeded.
This was broken by Willoughby, who said with a faint smile, "It is folly to linger in this manner.

And so if a visitor kindly began to talk to one of the children, another was sure to draw near and "take up" all the first child's answers, with smart comments, and catches that sounded as silly as they were tiresome and impertinent.
And ill-mannered as this was, Mr. and Mrs. Skratdj never put a stop to it.
Indeed, it was only a caricature of what they did themselves.
But they often said, "We can't think how it is the children are always squabbling!"
THE SKRATDJS' DOG AND THE HOT-TEMPERED GENTLEMAN.
It is wonderful how the state of mind of a whole household is influenced by the heads of it.
Mr. Skratdj was a very kind master, and Mrs. Skratdj was a very kind mistress, and yet their servants lived in a perpetual fever of irritability that just fell short of discontent.
They jostled each other on the back stairs, said sharp things in the pantry, and kept up a perennial warfare on the subject of the duty of the sexes with the general man-servant.
They gave warning on the slightest provocation.
The very dog was infected by the snapping mania.
He was not a brave dog, he was not a vicious dog, and no high-breeding sanctioned his pretensions to arrogance.
But like his owners, he had contracted a bad habit, a trick, which made him the pest of all timid visitors, and indeed of all visitors whatsoever.

"I really believe," said she to herself, "that I begin to see how it was done.
Nay, perhaps I could tie it up again, after undoing it.
There would be no harm in that, surely.
Even Epimetheus would not blame me for that.
I need not open the box, and should not, of course, without the foolish boy's consent, even if the knot were untied."
It might have been better for Pandora if she had had a little work to do, or anything to employ her mind upon, so as not to be so constantly thinking of this one subject.
But children led so easy a life, before any Troubles came into the world, that they had really a great deal too much leisure.
They could not be forever playing at hide-and-seek among the flower-shrubs, or at blind-man's-buff with garlands over their eyes, or at whatever other games had been found out, while Mother Earth was in her babyhood.
When life is all sport, toil is the real play.
There was absolutely nothing to do.
A little sweeping and dusting about the cottage, I suppose, and the gathering of fresh flowers (which were only too abundant everywhere), and arranging them in vases, and poor little Pandora's day's work was over.
And then, for the rest of the day, there was the box!

"Oh, won't you?
You'll try to get one, I know.
Girls always want to be married."
"I'm sure I don't know why," said Polly; "they must have had enough of men if they have brothers."
And so they went on, ad infinitum, with ceaseless arguments that proved nothing and convinced nobody, and a continual stream of contradiction that just fell short of downright quarrelling.
Indeed, there was a kind of snapping even less near to a dispute than in the cases just mentioned.
The little Skratdjs, like some other children, were under the unfortunate delusion that it sounds clever to hear little boys and girls snap each other up with smart sayings, and old and rather vulgar play upon words, such as:
"I'll give you a Christmas-box.
Which ear will you have it on?"
"I won't stand it."
"Pray take a chair."
"You shall have it to-morrow."
"To-morrow never comes."

You won't fight, as gentlemen o' fortune should; then, by thunder, you'll obey, and you may lay to it!
I like that boy, now; I never seen a better boy than that.
He's more a man than any pair of rats of you in this here house, and what I say is this: let me see him that'll lay a hand on him that's what I say, and you may lay to it.”
There was a long pause after this.
I stood straight up against the wall, my heart still going like a sledge-hammer, but with a ray of hope now shining in my bosom.
Silver leant back against the wall, his arms crossed, his pipe in the corner of his mouth, as calm as though he had been in church; yet his eye kept wandering furtively, and he kept the tail of it on his unruly followers.
They, on their part, drew gradually together towards the far end of the block house, and the low hiss of their whispering sounded in my ear continuously, like a stream.
One after another, they would look up, and the red light of the torch would fall for a second on their nervous faces; but it was not towards me, it was towards Silver that they turned their eyes.
“You seem to have a lot to say,” remarked Silver, spitting far into the air.
“Pipe up and let me hear it, or lay to.”
“Ax your pardon, sir,” returned one of the men; “you're pretty free with some of the rules; maybe you'll kindly keep an eye upon the rest.
This crew's dissatisfied; this crew don't vally bullying a marlin-spike; this crew has its rights like other crews, I'll make so free as that; and by your own rules, I take it we can talk together.
I ax your pardon, sir, acknowledging you for to be captaing at this present; but I claim my right, and steps outside for a council.”
And with an elaborate sea-salute, this fellow, a long, ill-looking, yellow-eyed man of five and thirty, stepped coolly towards the door and disappeared out of the house.
One after another the rest followed his example, each making a salute as he passed, each adding some apology.

"You decide on his imperfections so much in the mass," replied Elinor, "and so much on the strength of your own imagination, that the commendation I am able to give of him is comparatively cold and insipid.
I can only pronounce him to be a sensible man, well-bred, well-informed, of gentle address, and, I believe, possessing an amiable heart."
"Miss Dashwood," cried Willoughby, "you are now using me unkindly.
You are endeavouring to disarm me by reason, and to convince me against my will.
But it will not do.
You shall find me as stubborn as you can be artful.
I have three unanswerable reasons for disliking Colonel Brandon; he threatened me with rain when I wanted it to be fine; he has found fault with the hanging of my curricle, and I cannot persuade him to buy my brown mare.
If it will be any satisfaction to you, however, to be told, that I believe his character to be in other respects irreproachable, I am ready to confess it.
And in return for an acknowledgment, which must give me some pain, you cannot deny me the privilege of disliking him as much as ever."
CHAPTER 11 
Little had Mrs. Dashwood or her daughters imagined when they first came into Devonshire, that so many engagements would arise to occupy their time as shortly presented themselves, or that they should have such frequent invitations and such constant visitors as to leave them little leisure for serious employment.
Yet such was the case.
When Marianne was recovered, the schemes of amusement at home and abroad, which Sir John had been previously forming, were put into execution.

After a while the sails were quickly set, and the ship went on her way.
But soon the waves rose higher, heavy clouds darkened the sky, and lightning appeared in the distance.
A dreadful storm was approaching.
Once more the sails were furled, and the great ship pursued her flying course over the raging sea.
The waves rose mountain high, as if they would overtop the mast, but the ship dived like a swan between them, then rose again on their lofty, foaming crests.
To the little mermaid this was pleasant sport; but not so to the sailors.
At length the ship groaned and creaked; the thick planks gave way under the lashing of the sea, as the waves broke over the deck; the mainmast snapped asunder like a reed, and as the ship lay over on her side, the water rushed in.
The little mermaid now perceived that the crew were in danger; even she was obliged to be careful, to avoid the beams and planks of the wreck which lay scattered on the water.
At one moment it was pitch dark so that she could not see a single object, but when a flash of lightning came it revealed the whole scene; she could see every one who had been on board except the prince.
When the ship parted, she had seen him sink into the deep waves, and she was glad, for she thought he would now be with her.
Then she remembered that human beings could not live in the water, so that when he got down to her father's palace he would certainly be quite dead.
No, he must not die!

Tales never lost their savor, no matter how often repeated; age was powerless to dim the humor of the thing, and as he had shouted and gurgled and laughed over the fun of things when all alone, or holding forth among the men and women and little children of his color, so he shouted and gurgled and broke from sonorous chuckles to musical, falsetto mirth when he fronted the sweeping tiers of faces across the intoxicating glare of the footlights.
He had that rare power of transmitting something of his own enjoyments.
When Gideon was on the stage, Stuhk used to enjoy peeping out at the intent, smiling faces of the audience, where men and women and children, hardened theater-goers and folk fresh from the country, sat with moving lips and faces lit with an eager interest and sympathy for the black man strutting in loose-footed vivacity before them.
"He's simply unique," he boasted to wondering local managers "unique, and it took me to find him.
There he was, a little black gold-mine, and all of 'em passed him by until I came.
Some eye?
What?
I guess you'll admit you have to hand it some to your Uncle Felix.
If that coon's health holds out, we'll have all the money there is in the mint."
That was Felix's real anxiety "If his health holds out."
Gideon's health was watched over as if he had been an ailing prince.
His bubbling vivacity was the foundation upon which his charm and his success were built.

He had, however, made a pillow of a horse’s skull which was lying on the ground, in order that he might lie uncomfortably, and soon wake up again.
In the meantime the King’s daughter, who could also run very well quite as well as any ordinary mortal can had reached the well, and was hurrying back with her pitcher full of water, and when she saw the runner lying there asleep, she was glad and said, “My enemy is delivered over into my hands,” emptied his pitcher, and ran on.
And now all would have been lost if by good luck the huntsman had not been standing at the top of the castle, and had not seen everything with his sharp eyes.
Then said he, “The King’s daughter shall still not prevail against us;” and he loaded his gun, and shot so cleverly, that he shot the horse’s skull away from under the runner’s head without hurting him.
Then the runner awoke, leapt up, and saw that his pitcher was empty, and that the King’s daughter was already far in advance.
He did not lose heart, however, but ran back to the well with his pitcher, again drew some water, and was at home again, ten minutes before the King’s daughter.
“Behold!” said he, “I have not bestirred myself till now, it did not deserve to be called running before.”
But it pained the King, and still more his daughter, that she should be carried off by a common disbanded soldier like that; so they took counsel with each other how to get rid of him and his companions.
Then said the King to her, “I have thought of a way; don’t be afraid, they shall not come back again.” And he said to them, “You shall now make merry together, and eat and drink,” and he conducted them to a room which had a floor of iron, and the doors also were of iron, and the windows were guarded with iron bars.
There was a table in the room covered with delicious food, and the King said to them, “Go in, and enjoy yourselves.” And when they were inside, he ordered the doors to be shut and bolted.
Then he sent for the cook, and commanded him to make a fire under the room until the iron became red-hot.
This the cook did, and the six who were sitting at table began to feel quite warm, and they thought the heat was caused by the food; but as it became still greater, and they wanted to get out, and found that the doors and windows were bolted, they became aware that the King must have an evil intention, and wanted to suffocate them.
“He shall not succeed, however,” said the one with the cap.

cried Ulysses.
"You are arrayed like a king in purple and gold, and wear a golden crown upon your head.
Is it because I too am a king, that you desire so earnestly to speak with me?
If you can talk in human language, say what you would have me do."
"Peep!"
answered the purple bird, very dolorously.
"Peep, peep, pe we e!"
Certainly there lay some heavy anguish at the little bird's heart; and it was a sorrowful predicament that he could not, at least, have the consolation of telling what it was.
But Ulysses had no time to waste in trying to get at the mystery.
He therefore quickened his pace, and had gone a good way along the pleasant wood path, when there met him a young man of very brisk and intelligent aspect, and clad in a rather singular garb.
He wore a short cloak and a sort of cap that seemed to be furnished with a pair of wings; and from the lightness of his step, you would have supposed that there might likewise be wings on his feet.
To enable him to walk still better (for he was always on one journey or another) he carried a winged staff, around which two serpents were wriggling and twisting.

While they talked together, his face would kindle, unawares, and shine upon them, as with a mild evening light.
Pensive with the fulness of such discourse, his guests took leave and went their way; and passing up the valley, paused to look at the Great Stone Face, imagining that they had seen its likeness in a human countenance, but could not remember where.
While Ernest had been growing up and growing old, a bountiful Providence had granted a new poet to this earth.
He likewise, was a native of the valley, but had spent the greater part of his life at a distance from that romantic region, pouring out his sweet music amid the bustle and din of cities.
Often, however, did the mountains which had been familiar to him in his childhood lift their snowy peaks into the clear atmosphere of his poetry.
Neither was the Great Stone Face forgotten, for the poet had celebrated it in an ode, which was grand enough to have been uttered by its own majestic lips.
This man of genius, we may say, had come down from heaven with wonderful endowments.
If he sang of a mountain, the eyes of all mankind beheld a mightier grandeur reposing on its breast, or soaring to its summit, than had before been seen there.
If his theme were a lovely lake, a celestial smile had now been thrown over it, to gleam forever on its surface.
If it were the vast old sea, even the deep immensity of its dread bosom seemed to swell the higher, as if moved by the emotions of the song.
Thus the world assumed another and a better aspect from the hour that the poet blessed it with his happy eyes.
The Creator had bestowed him, as the last best touch to his own handiwork.

Well, against these menaces, which must soon become attacks, I can only defend myself by your aid, for you are beloved by all those who hate me!"
"I?"
said Marguerite.
"Yes, you!"
replied Henry.
"And if you will I do not say love me but if you will be my ally I can brave anything; while, if you become my enemy, I am lost."
"Your enemy!
Never, sir!"
exclaimed Marguerite.
"And my ally."
"Most decidedly!"
And Marguerite turned round and presented her hand to the king.

You never could guess.
It's a letter yes, a real letter just stuffed inside see!"
And Freddie held before his mother's wondering eyes a soiled and crumpled envelope which seemed to contain a letter.
Freddie had been in the kitchen all the morning watching the various operations for the Thanksgiving dinner which was "to come off" the next day, when all the "sisters, cousins, and aunts" of the family were to assemble, as was their custom each year, and great was the commotion in the kitchen and much there was for Master Fred to inspect.
When Ellen put her hand into the turkey to arrange him for the stuffing, great was her astonishment at finding a piece of paper.
Drawing it quickly out she called, "Freddie, Freddie, see here!
See what I've found in the turkey!
I declare if he isn't a new kind of a postman, for sure as you're born this is a letter, come from somewhere, in the turkey.
My!
who ever heard of such a thing?"
Freddie, standing with eyes and mouth wide open, finally said, "Why, Ellen, do you believe it is a letter?"
"Why, of course it is!

And he gathered the finest of the thistle flowers, though he pricked his fingers as much in doing so as if it had been growing on a wild rosebush.
She took the flower and put it in his buttonhole, which made him feel greatly honored.
Each of the other young men would gladly have given up his graceful garden flower if he might have worn the one given by the delicate hands of the Scotch girl.
As keenly as the son of the house felt the honor conferred upon him, the thistle felt even more highly honored.
It seemed to feel dew and sunshine going through it.
"It seems I am of more consequence than I thought," it said to itself.
"I ought by rights to stand inside and not outside the fence.
One gets strangely placed in this world, but now I have at least one of my flowers over the fence and not only there, but in a buttonhole!"
To each one of its buds as it opened, the thistle bush told this great event.
And not many days had passed before it heard not from the people who passed, nor yet from the twittering of little birds, but from the air, which gives out, far and wide, the sounds that it has treasured up from the shadiest walks of the beautiful garden and from the most secluded rooms at the Hall, where doors and windows are left open that the young man who received the thistle flower from the hands of the Scottish maiden had received her heart and hand as well.
"That is my doing!"
said the thistle, thinking of the flower she had given to the buttonhole.

Here was the task, not what she had expected, but better because self had no part in it.
Now, could she do it?
She decided that she would try, and in her first attempt she found the helps I have suggested.
Still another was given her, and she took it, not as a reward, but as a comfort, as Christian took the refreshment afforded by the little arbor where he rested, as he climbed the hill called Difficulty.
"Why don't you write?
That always used to make you happy," said her mother once, when the desponding fit over-shadowed Jo.
"I've no heart to write, and if I had, nobody cares for my things."
"We do.
Write something for us, and never mind the rest of the world.
Try it, dear.
I'm sure it would do you good, and please us very much."
"Don't believe I can."

Your devoted friend, Athos."
III.
In England 
Athos and Aramis were with Charles I. at Newcastle.
The king had been sold by the Scotch to the English Parliament, and on the approach of Cromwell's army the king's troops refused to fight.
Only fifteen men stood round the king when Cromwell's cavalry came charging down.
Lord de Winter was shot dead by his own nephew, who was in Cromwell's army.
"Come, Aramis, now for the honour of France," said Athos, and the two Englishmen who were nearest to them fell mortally wounded.
At the same instant a tremendous shout filled the air, and thirty swords flashed before them.
Suddenly a man sprang out of the English ranks, fell upon Athos, wound his muscular arms round him, and tearing his sword from him, said in his ear, "Silence!
Yield you yield to me, don't you?"
A giant from the English ranks at the same moment seized Aramis by the wrists, who struggled in vain to get free.
"I yield myself prisoner," said Aramis, giving up his sword to Porthos.

But, in the first place, do any of you know what a Gorgon is?"
"I do," said Primrose.
"Then hold your tongue!"
rejoined Eustace, who had rather she would have known nothing about the matter.
"Hold all your tongues, and I shall tell you a sweet pretty story of a Gorgon's head."
And so he did, as you may begin to read on the next page.
Working up his sophomorical erudition with a good deal of tact, and incurring great obligations to Professor Anthon, he, nevertheless, disregarded all classical authorities, whenever the vagrant audacity of his imagination impelled him to do so.
THE GORGON'S HEAD 

Perseus was the son of Danaë, who was the daughter of a king.
And when Perseus was a very little boy, some wicked people put his mother and himself into a chest, and set them afloat upon the sea.
The wind blew freshly, and drove the chest away from the shore, and the uneasy billows tossed it up and down; while Danaë clasped her child closely to her bosom, and dreaded that some big wave would dash its foamy crest over them both.
The chest sailed on, however, and neither sank nor was upset; until, when night was coming, it floated so near an island that it got entangled in a fisherman's nets, and was drawn out high and dry upon the sand.
The island was called Seriphus, and it was reigned over by King Polydectes, who happened to be the fisherman's brother.

His fads never do.
Good night!’
The end was indeed nearer than even the Rat suspected.
After so much open air and excitement the Toad slept very soundly, and no amount of shaking could rouse him out of bed next morning.
So the Mole and Rat turned to, quietly and manfully, and while the Rat saw to the horse, and lit a fire, and cleaned last night’s cups and platters, and got things ready for breakfast, the Mole trudged off to the nearest village, a long way off, for milk and eggs and various necessaries the Toad had, of course, forgotten to provide.
The hard work had all been done, and the two animals were resting, thoroughly exhausted, by the time Toad appeared on the scene, fresh and gay, remarking what a pleasant easy life it was they were all leading now, after the cares and worries and fatigues of housekeeping at home.
They had a pleasant ramble that day over grassy downs and along narrow by-lanes, and camped as before, on a common, only this time the two guests took care that Toad should do his fair share of work.
In consequence, when the time came for starting next morning, Toad was by no means so rapturous about the simplicity of the primitive life, and indeed attempted to resume his place in his bunk, whence he was hauled by force.
Their way lay, as before, across country by narrow lanes, and it was not till the afternoon that they came out on the high-road, their first high-road; and there disaster, fleet and unforeseen, sprang out on them disaster momentous indeed to their expedition, but simply overwhelming in its effect on the after-career of Toad.
They were strolling along the high-road easily, the Mole by the horse’s head, talking to him, since the horse had complained that he was being frightfully left out of it, and nobody considered him in the least; the Toad and the Water Rat walking behind the cart talking together at least Toad was talking, and Rat was saying at intervals, ‘Yes, precisely; and what did YOU say to HIM?’ and thinking all the time of something very different, when far behind them they heard a faint warning hum; like the drone of a distant bee.
Glancing back, they saw a small cloud of dust, with a dark centre of energy, advancing on them at incredible speed, while from out the dust a faint ‘Poop-poop!’ wailed like an uneasy animal in pain.
Hardly regarding it, they turned to resume their conversation, when in an instant (as it seemed) the peaceful scene was changed, and with a blast of wind and a whirl of sound that made them jump for the nearest ditch, It was on them!
The ‘Poop-poop’ rang with a brazen shout in their ears, they had a moment’s glimpse of an interior of glittering plate-glass and rich morocco, and the magnificent motor-car, immense, breath-snatching, passionate, with its pilot tense and hugging his wheel, possessed all earth and air for the fraction of a second, flung an enveloping cloud of dust that blinded and enwrapped them utterly, and then dwindled to a speck in the far distance, changed back into a droning bee once more.

The eyes of King Pelias sparkled with joy, therefore, when he heard Jason's reply.
"Well said, wise man with the one sandal!"
cried he.
"Go, then, and at the peril of your life, bring me back the Golden Fleece."
"I go," answered Jason, composedly.
"If I fail, you need not fear that I will ever come back to trouble you again.
But if I return to Iolchos with the prize, then, King Pelias, you must hasten down from your lofty throne, and give me your crown and sceptre."
"That I will," said the king, with a sneer.
"Meantime, I will keep them very safely for you."
The first thing that Jason thought of doing, after he left the king's presence, was to go to Dodona, and inquire of the Talking Oak what course it was best to pursue.
This wonderful tree stood in the center of an ancient wood.
Its stately trunk rose up a hundred feet into the air, and threw a broad and dense shadow over more than an acre of ground.

And beauty.
And Chancery."
The morning after, walking out early, we met the old lady again, smiling and saying in her air of patronage, "The wards in Jarndyce!
Ve-ry happy, I am sure!
Pray come and see my lodgings.
It will be a good omen for me.
Youth, and hope, and beauty, are very seldom there."
She took my hand and beckoned Richard and Ada to come too, and in a few moments she was at home.
She had stopped at a shop over which was written, "Krook, Rag and Bottle Warehouse."
Inside was an old man in spectacles and a hair cap, and entering the shop the little old lady presented him to us.
"My landlord, Krook," she said.
"He is called among the neighbours the Lord Chancellor.

Every one laughed at her and said, "How can the King's daughter think of marrying this poor, common man!"
and the Kings and the Rajas, who had come as suitors, all wanted to turn him out of the garden.
But the princess said, "Take care!
take care!
You must not turn him out.
Leave him alone."
Then she put him on her elephant, and took him to the palace.
The Kings and Rajas and their sons were very much astonished, and said, "What does this mean?
The princess does not care to marry one of us, but chooses that very poor man!"
Her father then stood up, and said to them all, "I promised my daughter she should marry any one she pleased, and as she has twice chosen that poor, common man, she shall marry him."
And so the princess and the boy were married with great pomp and splendour: her father and mother were quite content with her choice; and the Kings, the Rajas and their sons, all returned to their homes.
Now the princess's six sisters had all married rich princes, and they laughed at her for choosing such a poor ugly husband as hers seemed to be, and said to each other, mockingly, "See!

The first thirty are his human years, which are soon gone; then is he healthy, merry, works with pleasure, and is glad of his life.
Then follow the ass’s eighteen years, when one burden after another is laid on him, he has to carry the corn which feeds others, and blows and kicks are the reward of his faithful services.
Then come the dog’s twelve years, when he lies in the corner, and growls and has no longer any teeth to bite with, and when this time is over the monkey’s ten years form the end.
Then man is weak-headed and foolish, does silly things, and becomes the jest of the children.
177 Death’s Messengers 
In ancient times a giant was once travelling on a great highway, when suddenly an unknown man sprang up before him, and said, “Halt, not one step farther!” “What!” cried the giant, “a creature whom I can crush between my fingers, wants to block my way?
Who art thou that thou darest to speak so boldly?” “I am Death,” answered the other.
“No one resists me, and thou also must obey my commands.” But the giant refused, and began to struggle with Death.
It was a long, violent battle, at last the giant got the upper hand, and struck Death down with his fist, so that he dropped by a stone.
The giant went his way, and Death lay there conquered, and so weak that he could not get up again.
“What will be done now,” said he, “if I stay lying here in a corner?
No one will die in the world, and it will get so full of people that they won’t have room to stand beside each other.” In the meantime a young man came along the road, who was strong and healthy, singing a song, and glancing around on every side.
When he saw the half-fainting one, he went compassionately to him, raised him up, poured a strengthening draught out of his flask for him, and waited till he came round.

Sing us a song, Will Scarlet, while we lie beneath the friendly oak.
Will Scarlet (sings).
The hunt is up!
the hunt is up!
And it is well-nigh day;    And Harry our king has gone hunting      To bring his deer to bay.
The east is bright with morning light,      And darkness, it is fled;    And the merry horn wakes up the morn      To leave his idle bed.
Awake, all men!
I say again      Be merry as you may!
For Harry our king is gone hunting      To bring the deer to bay.
Little John.
This song is well enough in its way, but for me, I should much prefer a good dinner.
The morning's work has given me a fine appetite and I long for food.

Astonishment at the unexpected sight of you might cause him to throw up his hands?”
“It is possible.”
“And you thought he was pulled back?”
“He disappeared so suddenly.”
“He might have leaped back.
You did not see anyone else in the room?”
“No, but this horrible man confessed to having been there, and the Lascar was at the foot of the stairs.”
“Quite so.
Your husband, as far as you could see, had his ordinary clothes on?”
“But without his collar or tie.
I distinctly saw his bare throat.”
“Had he ever spoken of Swandam Lane?”
“Never.”
“Had he ever showed any signs of having taken opium?”
“Never.”
“Thank you, Mrs. St. Clair.
Those are the principal points about which I wished to be absolutely clear.
We shall now have a little supper and then retire, for we may have a very busy day to-morrow.”
A large and comfortable double-bedded room had been placed at our disposal, and I was quickly between the sheets, for I was weary after my night of adventure.
Sherlock Holmes was a man, however, who, when he had an unsolved problem upon his mind, would go for days, and even for a week, without rest, turning it over, rearranging his facts, looking at it from every point of view until he had either fathomed it or convinced himself that his data were insufficient.
It was soon evident to me that he was now preparing for an all-night sitting.
He took off his coat and waistcoat, put on a large blue dressing-gown, and then wandered about the room collecting pillows from his bed and cushions from the sofa and armchairs.
With these he constructed a sort of Eastern divan, upon which he perched himself cross-legged, with an ounce of shag tobacco and a box of matches laid out in front of him.
In the dim light of the lamp I saw him sitting there, an old briar pipe between his lips, his eyes fixed vacantly upon the corner of the ceiling, the blue smoke curling up from him, silent, motionless, with the light shining upon his strong-set aquiline features.
So he sat as I dropped off to sleep, and so he sat when a sudden ejaculation caused me to wake up, and I found the summer sun shining into the apartment.

I heard father and mother talking about him.
He lives in a great, big, desolate old house in the country and no one goes near him.
He’s so cross he won’t let them, and they wouldn’t come if he would let them.
He’s a hunchback, and he’s horrid.”
“I don’t believe you,” said Mary; and she turned her back and stuck her fingers in her ears, because she would not listen any more.
But she thought over it a great deal afterward; and when Mrs. Crawford told her that night that she was going to sail away to England in a few days and go to her uncle, Mr. Archibald Craven, who lived at Misselthwaite Manor, she looked so stony and stubbornly uninterested that they did not know what to think about her.
They tried to be kind to her, but she only turned her face away when Mrs. Crawford attempted to kiss her, and held herself stiffly when Mr. Crawford patted her shoulder.
“She is such a plain child,” Mrs. Crawford said pityingly, afterward.
“And her mother was such a pretty creature.
She had a very pretty manner, too, and Mary has the most unattractive ways I ever saw in a child.
The children call her ‘Mistress Mary Quite Contrary,’ and though it’s naughty of them, one can’t help understanding it.”
“Perhaps if her mother had carried her pretty face and her pretty manners oftener into the nursery Mary might have learned some pretty ways too.
It is very sad, now the poor beautiful thing is gone, to remember that many people never even knew that she had a child at all.”
“I believe she scarcely ever looked at her,” sighed Mrs. Crawford.
“When her Ayah was dead there was no one to give a thought to the little thing.

So the angel came to Laili again as a fakir and carried her to King Dantal's garden.
"Now," he said, "it is Khuda's command that you stay here till Prince Majnun comes to walk in the garden, and then you may show yourself to him.
But you must not speak to him, if he is afraid of you; and should he be afraid of you, you will the next day become a little white dog."
He then told her what she must do as a little dog to regain her human form.
Laili stayed in the garden, hidden in the tall grass, till Prince Majnun and Husain Mahamat came to walk in the garden.
King Dantal was now a very old man, and Husain Mahamat, though he was really only as old as Prince Majnun, looked a great deal older than the prince, who had been made quite young again when he married Laili.
As Prince Majnun and the Wazir's son walked in the garden, they gathered the fruit as they had done as little children, only they bit the fruit with their teeth; they did not cut it.
While Majnun was busy eating a fruit in this way, and was talking to Husain Mahamat, he turned towards him and saw Laili walking behind the Wazir's son.
"Oh, look, look!"
he cried, "see what is following you; it is a Rakshas or a demon, and I am sure it is going to eat us."
Laili looked at him beseechingly with all her eyes, and trembled with age and eagerness; but this only frightened Majnun the more.
"It is a Rakshas, a Rakshas!"

He said nothing, but for two days afterwards he was ill.
Nastasia did not try that particular experiment again.
A few days before that fixed for the wedding, she grew grave and thoughtful.
She always ended by getting the better of her melancholy, and becoming merry and cheerful again, but not quite so unaffectedly happy as she had been some days earlier.
The prince redoubled his attentive study of her symptoms.
It was a most curious circumstance, in his opinion, that she never spoke of Rogojin.
But once, about five days before the wedding, when the prince was at home, a messenger arrived begging him to come at once, as Nastasia Philipovna was very ill.
He had found her in a condition approaching to absolute madness.
She screamed, and trembled, and cried out that Rogojin was hiding out there in the garden that she had seen him herself and that he would murder her in the night that he would cut her throat.
She was terribly agitated all day.
But it so happened that the prince called at Hippolyte’s house later on, and heard from his mother that she had been in town all day, and had there received a visit from Rogojin, who had made inquiries about Pavlofsk.
On inquiry, it turned out that Rogojin visited the old lady in town at almost the same moment when Nastasia declared that she had seen him in the garden; so that the whole thing turned out to be an illusion on her part.
Nastasia immediately went across to Hippolyte’s to inquire more accurately, and returned immensely relieved and comforted.

Colonel Starbottle had so far recovered his equanimity as to strut jauntily towards his office, where he was to meet his fair client.
He was surprised, however, to find her already there, and in company with a somewhat sheepish-looking young man a stranger.
If the Colonel had any disappointment in meeting a third party to the interview, his old-fashioned courtesy did not permit him to show it.
He bowed graciously, and politely motioned them each to a seat.
"I reckoned I'd bring Hiram round with me," said the young lady, lifting her searching eyes, after a pause, to the Colonel's, "though he was awful shy, and allowed that you didn't know him from Adam or even suspected his existence.
But I said, 'That's just where you slip up, Hiram; a pow'ful man like the Colonel knows everything and I've seen it in his eye.'
Lordy!"
she continued, with a laugh, leaning forward over her parasol, as her eyes again sought the Colonel's, "don't you remember when you asked me if I loved that old Hotchkiss, and I told you 'That's tellin',' and you looked at me, Lordy!
I knew then you suspected there was a Hiram somewhere as good as if I'd told you.
Now, you, jest get up, Hiram, and give the Colonel a good handshake.
For if it wasn't for him and his searchin' ways, and his awful power of language, I wouldn't hev got that four thousand dollars out o' that flirty fool Hotchkiss enough to buy a farm, so as you and me could get married!
That's what you owe to him.

"Won't you first?"
"Don't know how.
Too stupid to learn, but I love music dearly."
So Laurie played and Jo listened, with her nose luxuriously buried in heliotrope and tea roses.
Her respect and regard for the 'Laurence'
boy increased very much, for he played remarkably well and didn't put on any airs.
She wished Beth could hear him, but she did not say so, only praised him till he was quite abashed, and his grandfather came to his rescue.
"That will do, that will do, young lady.
Too many sugarplums are not good for him.
His music isn't bad, but I hope he will do as well in more important things.
Going?
well, I'm much obliged to you, and I hope you'll come again.
My respects to your mother.

He felt in his pocket, but his gold was just at an end.
“Wait an instant, sir host,” said he, “I will go and fetch some money;” but he took the table-cloth with him.
The host could not imagine what this could mean, and being curious, stole after him, and as the guest bolted the stable-door, he peeped through a hole left by a knot in the wood.
The stranger spread out the cloth under the animal and cried, “Bricklebrit,” and immediately the beast began to let gold pieces fall, so that it fairly rained down money on the ground.
“Eh, my word,” said the host, “ducats are quickly coined there!
A purse like that is not amiss.” The guest paid his score, and went to bed, but in the night the host stole down into the stable, led away the master of the mint, and tied up another ass in his place.
Early next morning the apprentice travelled away with his ass, and thought that he had his gold-ass.
At mid-day he reached his father, who rejoiced to see him again, and gladly took him in.
“What hast thou made of thyself, my son?” asked the old man.
“A miller,” dear father, he answered.
“What hast thou brought back with thee from thy travels?” “Nothing else but an ass.” “There are asses enough here,” said the father, “I would rather have had a good goat.” “Yes,” replied the son, “but it is no common ass, but a gold-ass, when I say ‘Bricklebrit,’ the good beast opens its mouth and drops a whole sheetful of gold pieces.
Just summon all our relations hither, and I will make them rich folks.” “That suits me well,” said the tailor, “for then I shall have no need to torment myself any longer with the needle,” and ran out himself and called the relations together.

"Oz keeps a great pot of courage in his Throne Room," said the man, "which he has covered with a golden plate, to keep it from running over.
He will be glad to give you some."
"And I want him to send me back to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"Where is Kansas?"
asked the man, with surprise.
"I don't know," replied Dorothy sorrowfully, "but it is my home, and I'm sure it's somewhere."
"Very likely.
Well, Oz can do anything; so I suppose he will find Kansas for you.
But first you must get to see him, and that will be a hard task; for the Great Wizard does not like to see anyone, and he usually has his own way.
But what do YOU want?"
he continued, speaking to Toto.
Toto only wagged his tail; for, strange to say, he could not speak.

I don’t wonder that Totski was nearly driven to suicide by such a fallen angel.”
“Silence!” cried Nastasia Philipovna.
“You are about as fit to understand me as the housemaid here, who bore witness against her lover in court the other day.
She would understand me better than you do.”
“Probably an honest girl living by her own toil.
Why do you speak of a housemaid so contemptuously?”
“I do not despise toil; I despise you when you speak of toil.”
“If you had cared to be an honest woman, you would have gone out as a laundress.”
Both had risen, and were gazing at one another with pallid faces.
“Aglaya, don’t!
This is unfair,” cried the prince, deeply distressed.
Rogojin was not smiling now; he sat and listened with folded arms, and lips tight compressed.
“There, look at her,” cried Nastasia, trembling with passion.
“Look at this young lady!
And I imagined her an angel!
Did you come to me without your governess, Aglaya Ivanovna?
Oh, fie, now shall I just tell you why you came here today?

When she entered the room, she floated in with a few of the butterfly steps and there sat Becky, nodding her cap sideways off her head.
"Oh!"
cried Sara, softly, when she saw her.
"That poor thing!"
It did not occur to her to feel cross at finding her pet chair occupied by the small, dingy figure.
To tell the truth, she was quite glad to find it there.
When the ill-used heroine of her story wakened, she could talk to her.
She crept toward her quietly, and stood looking at her.
Becky gave a little snore.
"I wish she'd waken herself," Sara said.
"I don't like to waken her.
But Miss Minchin would be cross if she found out.

thought the monkey.
At last a bright thought struck him, so he said quite cheerfully to the jelly fish:
"What a pity it was, Mr. Jelly Fish, that you did not speak of this before we left the island!"
"If I had told why I wanted you to accompany me you would certainly have refused to come," answered the jelly fish.
"You are quite mistaken," said the monkey.
"Monkeys can very well spare a liver or two, especially when it is wanted for the Dragon Queen of the Sea.
If I had only guessed of what you were in need.
I should have presented you with one without waiting to be asked.
I have several livers.
But the greatest pity is, that as you did not speak in time, I have left all my livers hanging on the pine-tree."
"Have you left your liver behind you?"
asked the jelly fish.
"Yes," said the cunning monkey, "during the daytime I usually leave my liver hanging up on the branch of a tree, as it is very much in the way when I am climbing about from tree to tree.

The church bells were ringing, and from the high towers sounded a flourish of trumpets.
Soldiers, with flying colors and glittering bayonets, lined the roads through which they passed.
Every day was a festival, balls and entertainments following one another.
But the princess had not yet appeared.
People said that she had been brought up and educated in a religious house, where she was learning every royal virtue.
At last she came.
Then the little mermaid, who was anxious to see whether she was really beautiful, was obliged to admit that she had never seen a more perfect vision of beauty.
Her skin was delicately fair, and beneath her long, dark eyelashes her laughing blue eyes shone with truth and purity.
"It was you," said the prince, "who saved my life when I lay as if dead on the beach," and he folded his blushing bride in his arms.
"Oh, I am too happy!"
said he to the little mermaid; "my fondest hopes are now fulfilled.
You will rejoice at my happiness, for your devotion to me is great and sincere."

The light of the moon, and the lamps from the numerous shop-windows, discovered people promenading on the pavement, and amongst them Robin had hoped to recognize his hitherto inscrutable relative.
The result of his former inquiries made him unwilling to hazard another, in a scene of such publicity, and he determined to walk slowly and silently up the street, thrusting his face close to that of every elderly gentleman, in search of the Major's lineaments.
In his progress, Robin encountered many gay and gallant figures.
Embroidered garments of showy colors, enormous periwigs, gold-laced hats, and silver-hilted swords glided past him and dazzled his optics.
Travelled youths, imitators of the European fine gentlemen of the period, trod jauntily along, half dancing to the fashionable tunes which they hummed, and making poor Robin ashamed of his quiet and natural gait.
At length, after many pauses to examine the gorgeous display of goods in the shop-windows, and after suffering some rebukes for the impertinence of his scrutiny into people's faces, the Major's kinsman found himself near the steepled building, still unsuccessful in his search.
As yet, however, he had seen only one side of the thronged street; so Robin crossed, and continued the same sort of inquisition down the opposite pavement, with stronger hopes than the philosopher seeking an honest man, but with no better fortune.
He had arrived about midway towards the lower end, from which his course began, when he overheard the approach of some one who struck down a cane on the flag-stones at every step, uttering at regular intervals, two sepulchral hems.
"Mercy on us!"
quoth Robin, recognizing the sound.
Turning a corner, which chanced to be close at his right hand, he hastened to pursue his researches in some other part of the town.
His patience now was wearing low, and he seemed to feel more fatigue from his rambles since he crossed the ferry, than from his journey of several days on the other side.

She had quite recovered her temper; in fact, from certain signs, it was fair to conclude that she was delighted to see this joke going so far; and a careful observer might have remarked that her satisfaction dated from the moment when the fact of the prince’s confusion became apparent to all.
“‘Profoundest respect!’ What nonsense!
First, insane giggling, and then, all of a sudden, a display of ‘profoundest respect.’ Why respect?
Tell me at once, why have you suddenly developed this ‘profound respect,’
eh?”
“Because,” replied Aglaya gravely, “in the poem the knight is described as a man capable of living up to an ideal all his life.
That sort of thing is not to be found every day among the men of our times.
In the poem it is not stated exactly what the ideal was, but it was evidently some vision, some revelation of pure Beauty, and the knight wore round his neck, instead of a scarf, a rosary.
A device A. N. B. the meaning of which is not explained, was inscribed on his shield ”
“No, A. N. D.,” corrected Colia.
“I say A. N. B., and so it shall be!” cried Aglaya, irritably.
“Anyway, the ‘poor knight’ did not care what his lady was, or what she did.
He had chosen his ideal, and he was bound to serve her, and break lances for her, and acknowledge her as the ideal of pure Beauty, whatever she might say or do afterwards.
If she had taken to stealing, he would have championed her just the same.
I think the poet desired to embody in this one picture the whole spirit of medieval chivalry and the platonic love of a pure and high-souled knight.

God sent you to me!
Au revoir!
Alexandra, come with me, my dear.”
Mrs. Epanchin left the room.
Gania confused, annoyed, furious took up his portrait, and turned to the prince with a nasty smile on his face.
“Prince,” he said, “I am just going home.
If you have not changed your mind as to living with us, perhaps you would like to come with me.
You don’t know the address, I believe?”
“Wait a minute, prince,” said Aglaya, suddenly rising from her seat, “do write something in my album first, will you?
Father says you are a most talented caligraphist; I’ll bring you my book in a minute.” She left the room.
“Well, au revoir, prince,” said Adelaida, “I must be going too.” She pressed the prince’s hand warmly, and gave him a friendly smile as she left the room.
She did not so much as look at Gania.
“This is your doing, prince,” said Gania, turning on the latter so soon as the others were all out of the room.
“This is your doing, sir!

But the charioteer of the king of Benares asked him, "Well, have you told all the virtues of your king?"
"Yes," said the other.
"If these are his virtues, where are then his faults?"
replied he.
The other said, "Well, for the nonce, they shall be faults, if you like!
But pray, then, what is the kind of goodness your king has?"
And then the charioteer of the king of Benares called unto him to hearken, and uttered the Second Stanza:
    "Anger he conquers by calmness,     And by goodness the wicked;     The stingy he conquers by gifts,     And by truth the speaker of lies.
Such is the nature of this king!
Move out of the way, O charioteer!"
And when he had thus spoken, both Mallika the king and his charioteer alighted from their chariot.
And they took out the horses, and removed their chariot, and made way for the king of Benares!
Pride goeth before a Fall 
In a certain village there lived ten cloth merchants, who always went about together.

Suppose we was to be married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, and was to come down to the cellar to draw the beer, and the mallet was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful thing it would be!” “Dear, dear!
what a dreadful thing it would be!” said the mother, and she sat her down aside of the daughter and started a-crying too.
Then after a bit the father began to wonder that they didn't come back, and he went down into the cellar to look after them himself, and there they two sat a-crying, and the beer running all over the floor.
“Whatever is the matter?” says he.
“Why,”
 says the mother, “look at that horrid mallet.
Just suppose, if our daughter and her sweetheart was to be married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, and was to come down into the cellar to draw the beer, and the mallet was to fall on his head and kill him, what a dreadful thing it would be!” “Dear, dear, dear!
so it would!” said the father, and he sat himself down aside of the other two, and started a-crying.
Now the gentleman got tired of stopping up in the kitchen by himself, and at last he went down into the cellar too, to see what they were after; and there they three sat a-crying side by side, and the beer running all over the floor.
And he ran straight and turned the tap.
Then he said: “Whatever are you three doing, sitting there crying, and letting the beer run all over the floor?”
“Oh!” says the father, “look at that horrid mallet!
Suppose you and our daughter was to be married, and was to have a son, and he was to grow up, and was to come down into the cellar to draw the beer, and the mallet was to fall on his head and kill him!” And then they all started a-crying worse than before.
But the gentleman burst out a-laughing, and reached up and pulled out the mallet, and then he said: “I've travelled many miles, and I never met three such big sillies as you three before; and now I shall start out on my travels again, and when I can find three bigger sillies than you three, then I'll come back and marry your daughter.” So he wished them good-bye, and started off on his travels, and left them all crying because the girl had lost her sweetheart.

STOP!
TRIBUNE.
TRUE NIB.
WORLD.
DR. OWL.
ADVERTISER.
{  RES VERI DAT.
{  IS TRUE.
READ!
ALLOPATHY.
ALL O' TH' PAY.
HOMOEOPATHY.

Hunter brought the boat round under the stern-port, and Joyce and I set to work loading her with powder tins, muskets, bags of biscuits, kegs of pork, a cask of cognac, and my invaluable medicine chest.
In the meantime, the squire and the captain stayed on deck, and the latter hailed the coxswain, who was the principal man aboard.
“Mr.
Hands,” he said, “here are two of us with a brace of pistols each.
If any one of you six make a signal of any description, that man's dead.”
They were a good deal taken aback, and after a little consultation one and all tumbled down the fore companion, thinking no doubt to take us on the rear.
But when they saw Redruth waiting for them in the sparred galley, they went about ship at once, and a head popped out again on deck.
“Down, dog!” cries the captain.
And the head popped back again; and we heard no more, for the time, of these six very faint-hearted seamen.
By this time, tumbling things in as they came, we had the jolly-boat loaded as much as we dared.
Joyce and I got out through the stern-port, and we made for shore again as fast as oars could take us.
This second trip fairly aroused the watchers along shore.
“Lillibullero”
 was dropped again; and just before we lost sight of them behind the little point, one of them whipped ashore and disappeared.

Run after him and beg his pardon quick.”
But the father of the family was out in the road already.
Colia was carrying his bag for him; Nina Alexandrovna stood and cried on the doorstep; she wanted to run after the general, but Ptitsin kept her back.
“You will only excite him more,” he said.
“He has nowhere else to go to he’ll be back here in half an hour.
I’ve talked it all over with Colia; let him play the fool a bit, it will do him good.”
“What are you up to?
Where are you off to?
You’ve nowhere to go to, you know,” cried Gania, out of the window.
“Come back, father; the neighbours will hear!” cried Varia.
The general stopped, turned round, raised his hands and remarked: “My curse be upon this house!”
“Which observation should always be made in as theatrical a tone as possible,” muttered Gania, shutting the window with a bang.
The neighbours undoubtedly did hear.
Varia rushed out of the room.
No sooner had his sister left him alone, than Gania took the note out of his pocket, kissed it, and pirouetted around.

The children at school were much excited when she came trotting up, and all wanted to ride Prince.
He was very gentle, and every one had a ride; but May had the best fun, for she could go every day for long trots by the carriage when mamma and Will drove out.
A blue habit and a hat with a long feather were bought that afternoon; and May was so happy and contented at night that she said to herself as she lay in bed, 
"I'll wish for something for Will now, and see if I get it.
I don't want any more presents yet; I've had my share, and I'd love to give away to other people who have no fairy box."
So she wished for a nice boat, and in the box lay a key with the name "Water Lily" on it.
She guessed what it meant, and in the morning told her brother to come to the river and see what she had for him.
There lay a pretty green and white boat, with cushioned seats, a sail all spread, and at the mast-head a little flag flying in the wind, with the words "Water Lily" on it in gold letters.
Will was so surprised and pleased to find that it was his, he turned heels over head on the grass, kissed May, and skipped into his boat, crying, "All aboard!"
as if eager to try it at once.
May followed, and they sailed away down the lovely river, white with real lilies, while the blackbirds sang in the green meadows on either side, and boys and girls stopped on the bridges to see them pass.
After that May kept on trying to be good, and wishing for things for herself and other people, till she forgot how to be naughty, and was the sweetest little girl in the world.
Then there was no need of fairies to help her; and one night the box was not under the pillow.

Mr. Cruncher was so bewildered that he could think of no locality but Temple Bar.
Alas!
Temple Bar was hundreds of miles away, and Madame Defarge was drawing very near indeed.
“By the cathedral door,” said Miss Pross.
“Would it be much out of the way, to take me in, near the great cathedral door between the two towers?”
“No, miss,” answered Mr. Cruncher.
“Then, like the best of men,” said Miss Pross, “go to the posting-house straight, and make that change.”
“I am doubtful,” said Mr. Cruncher, hesitating and shaking his head, “about leaving of you, you see.
We don't know what may happen.”
“Heaven knows we don't,” returned Miss Pross, “but have no fear for me.
Take me in at the cathedral, at Three o'Clock, or as near it as you can, and I am sure it will be better than our going from here.
I feel certain of it.
There!
Bless you, Mr. Cruncher!
Think-not of me, but of the lives that may depend on both of us!”
This exordium, and Miss Pross's two hands in quite agonised entreaty clasping his, decided Mr. Cruncher.

Loki heard the eagle coming.
Loki flew faster.
breath        over            changed           walls         blazed          burned 
Poor Loki was all out of breath.
The eagle flew faster and faster.
Then the gods got on the walls to look for Loki.
They saw him coming and the eagle after him.
So they made fires on the walls.
At last Loki flew over the walls.
Then the gods lighted the fires.
The fires blazed up.
The eagle flew into the fire and was burned.
As soon as Loki put the nut down, it changed to Idun.

they will be drowned!
First Councilman.
Good for the piper!
Mayor.
Ring the bells for the people.
Tell them to get long poles, poke out the nests and block up the holes!
Second Councilman.
Here comes the Piper.
Third Councilman.
That was well done, Mr. Piper.
Pied Piper.
Yes, all the rats are drowned and now I've come for my pay.

Hereupon, they each and all tried to alight on her two palms and ten small fingers and thumbs, crowding one another off, with an immense fluttering of their tiny wings.
One dear little bird nestled tenderly in her bosom; another put its bill to her lips.
They were as joyous, all the while, and seemed as much in their element, as you may have seen them when sporting with a snow-storm.
Violet and Peony stood laughing at this pretty sight; for they enjoyed the merry time which their new playmate was having with these small-winged visitants, almost as much as if they themselves took part in it.
"Violet," said her mother, greatly perplexed, "tell me the truth, without any jest.
Who is this little girl?"
"My darling mamma," answered Violet, looking seriously into her mother's face, and apparently surprised that she should need any further explanation, "I have told you truly who she is.
It is our little snow-image, which Peony and I have been making.
Peony will tell you so, as well as I."
"Yes, mamma," asseverated Peony, with much gravity in his crimson little phiz; "this is 'ittle snow-child.
Is not she a nice one?
But, mamma, her hand is, oh, so very cold!"

'When it's dark they'll all be lighted up.
That'll be a fine sight!'
"'Toys too, there'll be, won't there?'
screamed Patty.
"Father Christmas nodded his head.
'And sweeties,' he added, expressively.
"I could feel Patty trembling, and my own heart beat fast.
The thought which agitated us both, was this 'Was Father Christmas bringing the tree to us?'
But very anxiety, and some modesty also, kept us from asking outright.
"Only when the old man shouldered his tree, and prepared to move on, I cried in despair, 'Oh, are you going?'
"'I'm coming back by and by,' said he.
"'How soon?'

for of course you must know, as you have been in Devonshire so lately.'"
"And what did the Colonel say?"
"Oh he did not say much; but he looked as if he knew it to be true, so from that moment I set it down as certain.
It will be quite delightful, I declare!
When is it to take place?"
"Mr. Brandon was very well I hope?"
"Oh!
yes, quite well; and so full of your praises, he did nothing but say fine things of you."
"I am flattered by his commendation.
He seems an excellent man; and I think him uncommonly pleasing."
"So do I.
He is such a charming man, that it is quite a pity he should be so grave and so dull.

When Mary wanted to rest a little Dickon sat down with her under a tree and once he took his pipe out of his pocket and played the soft strange little notes and two squirrels appeared on the wall and looked and listened.
“Tha’s a good bit stronger than tha’ was,” Dickon said, looking at her as she was digging.
“Tha’s beginning to look different, for sure.”
Mary was glowing with exercise and good spirits.
“I’m getting fatter and fatter every day,” she said quite exultantly.
“Mrs.
Medlock will have to get me some bigger dresses.
Martha says my hair is growing thicker.
It isn’t so flat and stringy.”
The sun was beginning to set and sending deep gold-colored rays slanting under the trees when they parted.
“It’ll be fine tomorrow,” said Dickon.
“I’ll be at work by sunrise.”
“So will I,” said Mary.
She ran back to the house as quickly as her feet would carry her.
She wanted to tell Colin about Dickon’s fox cub and the rook and about what the springtime had been doing.

Each of these six men was as though he had been struck.
But with Silver the blow passed almost instantly.
Every thought of his soul had been set full-stretch, like a racer, on that money; well, he was brought up, in a single second, dead; and he kept his head, found his temper, and changed his plan before the others had had time to realize the disappointment.
“Jim,” he whispered, “take that, and stand by for trouble.”
And he passed me a double-barrelled pistol.
At the same time, he began quietly moving northward, and in a few steps had put the hollow between us two and the other five.
Then he looked at me and nodded, as much as to say, “Here is a narrow corner,” as, indeed, I thought it was.
His looks were not quite friendly, and I was so revolted at these constant changes that I could not forbear whispering, “So you've changed sides again.”
There was no time left for him to answer in.
The buccaneers, with oaths and cries, began to leap, one after another, into the pit and to dig with their fingers, throwing the boards aside as they did so.
Morgan found a piece of gold.
He held it up with a perfect spout of oaths.
It was a two-guinea piece, and it went from hand to hand among them for a quarter of a minute.
“Two guineas!” roared Merry, shaking it at Silver.

Only he began to slip when he was coming down the roof, and he'd have slipped clear off if he hadn't caught his trousers on a shingle-nail, and stuck.
It made a pretty bad tear, but the other boys pinned it up so that it wouldn't show, and the pumpkin-glory wasn't hurt a bit.
They all said that it was about the best jack-o'-lantern they almost ever saw, on account of the long neck there was to it; and they made a plan to stick the end of the neck into the top of the pump, and have fun hearing what the folks would say when they came out after dark and saw it all lit up; and then they noticed the pigpen at the corner of the barn, and began to plague the pig, and so many of them got up on the pen that they broke the middle board off; and they didn't like to nail it on again because it was Thanksgiving Day, and you mustn't hammer or anything; so they just stuck it up in its place with a piece of wood against it, and the boy said he would fix it in the morning.
"The grown folks stayed so long at the table that it was nearly dark when the boys got to it, and they would have been almost starved if the farm-boy hadn't brought out apples and doughnuts every little while.
As it was, they were pretty hungry, and they began on the pumpkin pie at once, so as to keep eating till the mother and the other mothers that were helping could get some of the things out of the oven that they had been keeping hot for the boys.
The pie was so nice that they kept eating at it all along, and the mother told them about the good little pumpkin that it was made of, and how the good little pumpkin had never had any wish from the time it was nothing but a seed, except to grow up and be made into pies and eaten at Thanksgiving; and they must all try to be good, too, and grow up and do likewise.
The boys didn't say anything, because their mouths were so full, but they looked at each other and winked their left eyes.
There were about forty or fifty of them, and when they all winked their left eyes it made it so dark you could hardly see; and the mother got the lamp; but the other mothers saw what the boys were doing, and they just shook them till they opened their eyes and stopped their mischief."
"Show how they looked!"
said the boy.
"I can't show how fifty boys looked," said the papa.
"But they looked a good deal like the pumpkin-glory that was waiting quietly in the barn for them to get through, and come out and have some fun with it.

As he stood on the deck of the vessel at Pier 1, North River, his mind again recurred to Washington, and to those on shore he said that "to show Washington's love of truth, even as a child, he could tell an interesting incident of him relating to a little new hatchet given him at the time by his father."
As he reached this point in his remarks, Lafayette noted with surprise that some one had slipped his cable from shore and his ship was gently shoved off by people on the pier, while his voice was drowned in the notes of the New York Oompah Oompah Band as it struck up "Johnny, git yer Gun."
Florida was ceded to the United States in the same year by Spain, and was sprinkled over with a light coating of sand for the waves to monkey with.
The Everglades of Florida are not yet under cultivation.
Mr. Monroe became the author of what is now called the "Monroe doctrine," viz., that the effort of any foreign country to obtain dominion in America would thereafter and forever afterwards be regarded as an unfriendly act.
Rather than be regarded as unfriendly, foreign countries now refrain from doing their dominion or dynasty work here.
The Whigs now appeared, and the old Republican party became known as the Democratic party.
John Quincy Adams and Henry Clay were Whigs, and John C. Calhoun and Andrew Jackson were Democrats.
The Whigs favored a high protective tariff and internal improvement.
The Democrats did not favor anything especially, but bitterly opposed the Whig measures, whatever they were.
In 1825, John Quincy Adams, son of John Adams, was elected President, and served one term.
He was a bald-headed man, and the country was given four years of unexampled prosperity.

exclaimed Christopher, "let him say Hamlet.
Come now, Benny 'To be or not to be.'"
"It ain't to be at all," cried Benny, "and I won't speak the least bit of it for any of you.
I hate that speech!"
"Only see his obstinacy," said the solemn Joseph.
"And is he to be given up to?"
"Speak anything, Benny," said Mrs. Watkinson, "anything so that it is only a speech."
All the Watkinson voices now began to clamor violently at the obstinate child "Speak a speech!
speak a speech!
speak a speech!"
But they had no more effect than the reiterated exhortations with which nurses confuse the poor heads of babies, when they require them to "shake a day-day shake a day-day!"
Mrs. Morland now interfered, and begged that the sleepy little boy might be excused; on which he screamed out that "he wasn't sleepy at all, and would not go to bed ever."

Poor Kulloo, when he knew his last hour had come, besought his master to bury him carefully, and to see that his head, which the Bunniah meant to cut off, was buried with him, for a time was yet to come when he would again save his master's life.
After Kulloo was dead and buried the wicked woman was happy, and ate and drank as before; but, after a few days, she went and gave notice at the Court that the Bunniah was a cruel robber, who had killed her husband, and stolen her away.
The police seized him, and he was taken up for murder; but, just as the Judge was about to pronounce the sentence of death upon him, he remembered faithful Kulloo; and at the same moment the dog appeared!
All were surprised when he stood before the Judge, and asked leave to speak.
He then told the whole story of the robber and the wicked woman; and thus, for a second time, saved his master's life, but, having said his say, poor Kulloo disappeared and was never seen again.
THE STORY OF GHOSE 
There was once a Ranee who had no children, so she made a great pet of a young squirrel, and fed it day after day.
One day it entered her head to deceive the Rajah, so she told him that, before the end of the year, an heir would be born in the Palace.
On the appointed day she sent her own nurse (whom she had bribed) to tell the Rajah that the child was born, and was a daughter.
The old Brahmin of the Palace hastened to see the young Princess, who was, in reality, no child, but the tame squirrel; so the Ranee persuaded him to go and tell the Rajah that he was now the father of a most lovely daughter: but the stars pointed out that he must not look on her face for twelve years, for, if she looked at him, he would die, and, if he looked at her, she would die.
The poor Rajah had no choice but to agree, and thus the Ranee kept up her deception for twelve years, and hid her pet squirrel from everybody.
At last, when the twelve years were over, she said one day to her husband: "Do not look upon your daughter's face till she is married, lest evil come upon her, but go you and make arrangements to marry her to a Prince of good family."
So they sent the old Brahmin to seek for a husband for her; and he went from place to place, until he came to a city where there was a Rajah who had seven sons, all of whom were married but the youngest, whose name was Shahzadah; so the Brahmin chose him, and all was prepared for the marriage.

Since a little story of mine called "The Peace Egg" appeared in Aunt Judy's Magazine, I have again and again been asked where the Mumming Play could be found which gave its name to my tale, and if real children could act it, as did the fancy children of my story.
As it stands, this old Christmas Mumming Play (which seems to have borrowed the name of an Easter Entertainment or Pasque Egg) is not fit for domestic performance; and though probably there are few nurseries in those parts of England where "mumming" and the sword-dance still linger, in which the children do not play some version of St. George's exploits, a little of the dialogue goes a long way, and the mummery (which must almost be seen to be imitated) is the chief matter.
In fact, the mummery is the chief matter which is what makes the play so attractive to children, and, it may be added, so suitable for their performance.
In its rudeness, its simplicity, its fancy dressing, the rapid action of the plot, and last, but not least, its bludginess that quality which made the history of Goliath so dear to the youngest of Helen's Babies!
it is adapted for nursery amusement, as the Drama of Punch and Judy is, and for similar reasons.
For some little time past I have purposed to try and blend the various versions of "Peace Egg" into one Mummery for the nursery, with as little change of the old rhymes as might be.
I have been again urged to do so this Christmas, and though I have not been able to give so much time or research to it as I should have liked, I have thought it better to do it without further delay, even if somewhat imperfectly.
To shuffle the characters and vary the text is nothing new in the history of these "Mock Plays," as they were sometimes called.
They are probably of very ancient origin "Pagan, I regret to say," as Mr. Pecksniff observed in reference to the sirens and go back to "the heathen custom of going about on the Kalends of January in disguises, as wild beasts and cattle, the sexes changing apparel," (There is a relic of this last unseemly custom still in "The Old Tup" and "The Old Horse"; when these are performed by both girls and boys, the latter wear skirts and bonnets, the former hats and great-coats; this is also the case in Scotland where the boys and girls go round at Hogmanay.)
In the 12th century the clergy introduced miracle plays and Scripture histories to rival the performances of the strolling players, which had become very gross.
They became as popular as beneficial, and London was famous for them.
Different places, and even trade-guilds and schools, had their differing "mysteries."

I shall go and inquire into the matter, and apologize for her intrusion."
Sara was sitting on a footstool close to Mr. Carrisford's knee, and listening to some of the many things he felt it necessary to try to explain to her, when Ram Dass announced the visitor's arrival.
Sara rose involuntarily, and became rather pale; but Mr. Carrisford saw that she stood quietly, and showed none of the ordinary signs of child terror.
Miss Minchin entered the room with a sternly dignified manner.
She was correctly and well dressed, and rigidly polite.
"I am sorry to disturb Mr. Carrisford," she said; "but I have explanations to make.
I am Miss Minchin, the proprietress of the Young Ladies' Seminary next door."
The Indian gentleman looked at her for a moment in silent scrutiny.
He was a man who had naturally a rather hot temper, and he did not wish it to get too much the better of him.
"So you are Miss Minchin?"
he said.
"I am, sir."

So when the lad heard that, he begged the gaoler to go to the King and ask for a coat of mail and a sword, and for leave to go to the war.
All the rest laughed when the gaoler told his errand, and begged the King to let him have an old worn-out suit, that they might have the fun of seeing such a wretch in battle.
So he got that, and an old broken-down hack besides, which went upon three legs, and dragged the fourth after it.
Then they went out to meet the foe; but they hadn't got far from the palace before the lad got stuck fast in a bog with his hack.
There he sat and dug his spurs in, and cried, "Gee up!
gee up!"
to his hack.
And all the rest had their fun out of this, and laughed, and made game of the lad as they rode past him.
But they were scarcely gone, before he ran to the lime-tree, threw on his coat of mail, and shook the bridle, and there came the Horse in a trice, and said: "Do now your best, and I'll do mine."
But when the lad came up the battle had begun, and the King was in a sad pinch; but no sooner had the lad rushed into the thick of it than the foe was beaten back, and put to flight.
The King and his men wondered and wondered who it could be who had come to help them, but none of them got so near him as to be able to talk to him, and as soon as the fight was over he was gone.
When they went back, there sat the lad still in the bog, and dug his spurs into his three-legged hack, and they all laughed again.

“That climb seemed interminable to me.
With the last twenty or thirty feet of it a deadly nausea came upon me.
I had the greatest difficulty in keeping my hold.
The last few yards was a frightful struggle against this faintness.
Several times my head swam, and I felt all the sensations of falling.
At last, however, I got over the well-mouth somehow, and staggered out of the ruin into the blinding sunlight.
I fell upon my face.
Even the soil smelt sweet and clean.
Then I remember Weena kissing my hands and ears, and the voices of others among the Eloi.
Then, for a time, I was insensible.
X 
 When Night Came 
“Now, indeed, I seemed in a worse case than before.
Hitherto, except during my night’s anguish at the loss of the Time Machine, I had felt a sustaining hope of ultimate escape, but that hope was staggered by these new discoveries.

He knew these bulls of Colchis by reputation, although it had never occurred to him that he might be called upon to harness and drive them.
They had brazen teeth and breathed fire from their nostrils that consumed whatever it touched.
The sound of their breathing was like the roar of a furnace, and the smoke of their breath was suffocating.
In spite of his fear, though, Jason had another thought.
The king had said that the fleece must be earned, that nothing so golden could be had for the asking.
That was really true, Jason thought, and he began to feel a great courage.
He was growing into the hero that he always had been at heart, being a youth of Greece.
"Send out your bulls," he said to the king of Colchis.
Something happened then that is very apt to happen when anyone makes up his mind to dare a seemingly impossible deed.
Help came to Jason.
Medea, the daughter of the king of Colchis, gave Jason a charm that protected him from fire.
The bulls rushed into the field toward Jason, sending forth their burning breath like dragons, but Jason advanced boldly to meet them.

This treatment killed thousands of Indians when the smallpox was brought to them from Saint Louis, in the early days.
That night in the lodge War Eagle told a queer yarn.
I shall modify it somewhat, but in our own sacred history there is a similar tale, well known to all.
He said:
"Once, a long time ago, two 'thunders' were travelling in the air.
They came over a village of our people, and there stopped to look about.
"In this village there was one fine, painted lodge, and in it there was an old man, an aged woman, and a beautiful young woman with wonderful hair.
Of course the 'thunders' could look through the lodge skin and see all that was inside.
One of them said to the other: 'Let us marry that young woman, and never tell her about it.'
"'All right,' replied the other 'thunder.'
'I am willing, for she is the finest young woman in all the village.
She is good in her heart, and she is honest.'
"So they married her, without telling her about it, and she became the mother of twin boys.

He’d been readin’ in a paper about people gettin’ somethin’ he called ‘rose cold’ an’ he began to sneeze an’ said he’d got it an’ then a new gardener as didn’t know th’ rules passed by an’ looked at him curious.
He threw himself into a passion an’ he said he’d looked at him because he was going to be a hunchback.
He cried himself into a fever an’ was ill all night.”
“If he ever gets angry at me, I’ll never go and see him again,” said Mary.
“He’ll have thee if he wants thee,” said Martha.
“Tha’ may as well know that at th’ start.”
Very soon afterward a bell rang and she rolled up her knitting.
“I dare say th’ nurse wants me to stay with him a bit,” she said.
“I hope he’s in a good temper.”
She was out of the room about ten minutes and then she came back with a puzzled expression.
“Well, tha’ has bewitched him,” she said.
“He’s up on his sofa with his picture-books.
He’s told the nurse to stay away until six o’clock.
I’m to wait in the next room.
Th’ minute she was gone he called me to him an’ says, ‘I want Mary Lennox to come and talk to me, and remember you’re not to tell anyone.’ You’d better go as quick as you can.”
Mary was quite willing to go quickly.

Sam brought them through without losing a bee.
The cure was worse than the original trouble.
The Mosquitoes and the Bees made a hit with each other.
They soon intermarried and their off-spring, as often happens, were worse than their parents.
They had stingers fore-and-aft and could get you coming or going.
Their bee blood caused their downfall in the long run.
Their craving for sweets could only be satisfied by sugar and molasses in large quantities, for what is a flower to an insect with a ten-gallon stomach?
One day the whole tribe flew across Lake Superior to attack a fleet of ships bringing sugar to Paul's camps.
They destroyed the ships but ate so much sugar they could not fly and all were drowned.
One pair of the original bees were kept at headquarters camp and provided honey for the pancakes for many years.
If Paul Bunyan did not invent Geography be created a lot of it.
The Great Lakes were first constructed to provide a water hole for Babe the Big Blue Ox.

"Pray, sir, do:
  I'll lay my life the thing is blue."
"And I'll be sworn, that when you've seen   The reptile, you'll pronounce him green."
"Well, then, at once to ease the doubt,"
  Replies the man, "I'll turn him out:
  And when before your eyes I've set him,   If you don't find him black, I'll eat him."
He said: then full before their sight   Produced the beast, and lo!
't was white.
Both stared, the man looked wondrous wise 
  "My children," the chameleon cries,   (Then first the creature found a tongue,)
  "You are all right, and all are wrong:
  When next you talk of what you view,   Think others see as well as you;   Nor wonder, if you find that none   Prefers your eyesight to his own."
JAMES MERRICK 
 
THE BLACKBERRY GIRL 
  "Why, Phebe, are you come so soon?
Where are your berries, child?
You cannot, sure, have sold them all,     You had a basket piled."
"No, mother, as I climbed the fence,     The nearest way to town,   My apron caught upon the stake,     And so I tumbled down.
"I scratched my arm and tore my hair,     But still did not complain;   And had my blackberries been safe,     Should not have cared a grain.
"But when I saw them on the ground.

By means of divinations mankind ascertained that all these misfortunes were due to the presence of U Klew in the Blue Realm, for his selfish disposition prevented Ka Sngi from bestowing her light and her smiles upon the world as in former times; and there was no hope for prosperity until U Klew could be lured back to jungle-land.
In those days there lived in the jungle a cunning woman whose name was Ka Sabuit.
Acting on the advice of mankind, the birds invoked her aid to encompass the return of the peacock from the Blue Realm.
At that time Ka Sabuit was very destitute, owing to the great famine; she had nothing to eat except some wild roots and no seed to sow in her garden except one gourdful of mustard seeds the cheapest and most common of all seeds and even this she was afraid to sow lest the hungry birds should come and devour it and leave her without a grain.
When the birds came to seek counsel of her she was very pleased, hoping that she could by some design force them to promise not to rob her garden.
After they had explained to her their trouble, she undertook to bring U Klew back to the jungle within thirteen moons on two conditions: one, that the birds should refrain from picking the seeds from her garden; the other, that they should torment the animals if they came to eat her crops or to trample on her land.
These appeared such easy terms that the birds readily agreed to them.
The garden of the cunning woman was in an open part of the jungle and could be seen from many of the hill-tops around, and in past days the sun used to shine upon it from morning till night.
Thither Ka Sabuit wended her way after the interview with the birds, and she began to dig the ground with great care and patience, bestowing much more time upon it than she had ever been known to do.
Her neighbours laughed and playfully asked her if she expected a crop of precious stones to grow from her mustard seed that year that she spent so much labour upon the garden, but the elderly dame took no heed.
She worked on patiently and kept her own counsel while the birds waited and watched.
She shaped her mustard bed like unto the form of a woman; this provoked the mirth of her neighbours still more and incited many questions from them, but Ka Sabuit took no heed.

Any relation to Edward Pepper, the colliery owner?"
"My uncle.
But  "
"I used to know him well.
Dear old Edward Pepper!
I wish I was with him now."
"I wish you were," I said.
He beamed down at me.
"This is most fortunate," he said.
"We were wondering what we were to do with Tootles.
You see, we have the mumps here.
My daughter Bootles has just developed mumps.
Tootles must not be exposed to the risk of infection.

You know he is, Sarah Adams."
"No, I don't, Submit Thompson."
"Yes, you do."
Sarah lowered her chin, and shook her head with a decision that was beyond words.
She was a thin, delicate-looking little girl, her small blue-clad figure bent before the wind, but there was resolution in her high forehead and her sharp chin.
Submit nodded violently.
Sarah shook her head again.
She hugged Thankful, and shook her head, with her eyes still staring defiantly into Submit's hood.
Submit's black eyes in the depths of it were like two sparks.
She nodded vehemently; the gesture was not enough for her; she nodded and spoke together.
"Sarah Adams," said she, "what will you give me if our turkey is bigger than your turkey?"
"It ain't."

He went to the window and looked at the Americans, but he would come back chilly and ill-tempered to the fire each time.
Finally he hitched up and went away to Halifax, where he had acquaintances.
On June 28 an attack was made by the English on Fort Moultrie.
It was built of palmetto logs, which are said to be the best thing in the world to shoot into if one wishes to recover the balls and use them again.
Palmetto logs accept and retain balls for many years, and are therefore good for forts.
When the fleet got close enough to the fort so that the brave Charlestonians could see the expression on the admiral's face, they turned loose with everything they had, grape, canister, solid shot, chain-shot, bar-shot, stove-lids, muffin-irons, newspaper cuts, etc., etc., so that the decks were swept of every living thing except the admiral.
General Clinton by land tried to draw the attention of the rear gunners of the fort, but he was a poor draughtsman, and so retired, and both the land and naval forces quit Charleston and went to New York, where board was not so high.
July 4 was deemed a good time to write a Declaration of Independence and have it read in the grove.
Richard Henry Lee, of Virginia, moved that "the United Colonies are, and of right ought to be, free and Independent states."
John Adams, of Massachusetts, seconded the resolution.
This was passed July 2, and the report of the committee appointed to draw up a Declaration of Independence was adopted July 4.
The Declaration was dictated by Thomas Jefferson, who wrote the most melodious English of any American of his time.

"I know there is," said the Princess; "for a little while since there came a magpie flying with a man's bone in his bill, and let it fall down the chimney.
I made all the haste I could to get it out of the house again; but after all my pains, I daresay it's that you smell."
When the Giant heard that, he said no more about it; but a little while after, he saw how the cupboard was all decked about with flowers and garlands; so he asked who it was that had done that?
Who could it be but the Princess?
"And, pray, what's the meaning of all this tomfoolery?"
asked the Giant.
"Oh, I'm so fond of you, I couldn't help doing it when I knew that your heart lay there," said the Princess.
"How can you be so silly as to believe any such thing?"
said the Giant.
"Oh yes; how can I help believing it, when you say it?"
said the Princess.
"You're a goose," said the Giant; "where my heart is, you will never come."

Rustling about the room, his softly-slippered feet making no noise on the floor, he moved like a refined tiger: looked like some enchanted marquis of the impenitently wicked sort, in story, whose periodical change into tiger form was either just going off, or just coming on.
He moved from end to end of his voluptuous bedroom, looking again at the scraps of the day's journey that came unbidden into his mind; the slow toil up the hill at sunset, the setting sun, the descent, the mill, the prison on the crag, the little village in the hollow, the peasants at the fountain, and the mender of roads with his blue cap pointing out the chain under the carriage.
That fountain suggested the Paris fountain, the little bundle lying on the step, the women bending over it, and the tall man with his arms up, crying, “Dead!”
“I am cool now,” said Monsieur the Marquis, “and may go to bed.”
So, leaving only one light burning on the large hearth, he let his thin gauze curtains fall around him, and heard the night break its silence with a long sigh as he composed himself to sleep.
The stone faces on the outer walls stared blindly at the black night for three heavy hours; for three heavy hours, the horses in the stables rattled at their racks, the dogs barked, and the owl made a noise with very little resemblance in it to the noise conventionally assigned to the owl by men-poets.
But it is the obstinate custom of such creatures hardly ever to say what is set down for them.
For three heavy hours, the stone faces of the chateau, lion and human, stared blindly at the night.
Dead darkness lay on all the landscape, dead darkness added its own hush to the hushing dust on all the roads.
The burial-place had got to the pass that its little heaps of poor grass were undistinguishable from one another; the figure on the Cross might have come down, for anything that could be seen of it.
In the village, taxers and taxed were fast asleep.
Dreaming, perhaps, of banquets, as the starved usually do, and of ease and rest, as the driven slave and the yoked ox may, its lean inhabitants slept soundly, and were fed and freed.
The fountain in the village flowed unseen and unheard, and the fountain at the chateau dropped unseen and unheard both melting away, like the minutes that were falling from the spring of Time through three dark hours.
Then, the grey water of both began to be ghostly in the light, and the eyes of the stone faces of the chateau were opened.

But through the blowing and hammering and singing the noise came louder and louder, and the more they tried not to hear it, the more they had to.
It was like the noise of some great creature purring, purring, purring and the reason they did not want to believe they really heard it was that it came from the great dungeon down below, where the old iron was, and the firewood and the twopence worth of coal, and the broken steps that went down into the dark and ended no one knew where.
"It can't be anything in the dungeon," said the blacksmith, wiping his face.
"Why, I shall have to go down there after more coals in a minute."
"There isn't anything there, of course.
How could there be?"
said his wife.
And they tried so hard to believe that there could be nothing there that presently they very nearly did believe it.
Then the blacksmith took his shovel in one hand and his riveting hammer in the other, and hung the old stable lantern on his little finger, and went down to get the coals.
"I am not taking the hammer because I think there is something there,"
said he, "but it is handy for breaking the large lumps of coal."
"I quite understand," said his wife, who had brought the coal home in her apron that very afternoon, and knew that it was all coal dust.
So he went down the winding stairs to the dungeon and stood at the bottom of the steps, holding the lantern above his head just to see that the dungeon really was empty, as usual.

Among the crowd a man came trudging along, driving a cow to the fair.
The cow was as beautiful a creature as any cow could be.
"She gives good milk, I am certain," said the peasant to himself.
"That would be a very good exchange: the cow for the horse.
Halloo there!
you with the cow," he said.
"I tell you what, I dare say a horse is of more value than a cow; but I don't care for that.
A cow will be more useful to me, so if you like we'll exchange."
"To be sure I will," said the man.
Accordingly the exchange was made.
When the matter was settled the peasant might have turned back, for he had done the business he came to do.
But having made up his mind to go to the fair, he determined to do so, if only to have a look at it.

I will go to the people's houses and get plenty of food for both of us."
And so the cat did, and they both lived very comfortably till their master came again and joined them.
The young man and the snake reached their destination in safety; and information of their arrival was sent to the Raja.
His highness commanded his son and the stranger to appear before him.
But the snake refused, saying that it could not go to its father till it was released from this stranger, who had saved it from a most terrible death, and whose slave it therefore was.
Then the Raja went and embraced his son, and saluting the stranger welcomed him to his dominions.
The young man stayed there a few days, during which he received the Raja's right-hand ring, and the pot and spoon, in recognition of His Highness's gratitude to him for having delivered his son.
He then returned.
On reaching the top of the spring he found his friends, the dog and the cat, waiting for him.
They told one another all they had experienced since they had last seen each other, and were all very glad.
Afterwards they walked together to the river side, where it was decided to try the powers of the charmed ring and pot and spoon.
The merchant's son spoke to the ring, and immediately a beautiful house and a lovely princess with golden hair appeared.

It was the day when the farmer was gathering his pumpkins in the cornfield, and he just happened to remember the seeds he had planted in the home-patch, and he got out of his wagon to see what had become of them.
He was perfectly astonished to see the size of the good little pumpkin; you could hardly get it into a bushel basket, and he gathered it, and sent it to the county fair, and took the first premium with it."
"How much was the premium?"
asked the boy.
He yawned; he had heard all these facts so often before.
"It was fifty cents; but you see the farmer had to pay two dollars to get a chance to try for the premium at the fair; and so it was some satisfaction.
Anyway, he took the premium, and he tried to sell the pumpkin, and when he couldn't, he brought it home and told his wife they must have it for Thanksgiving.
The boy had gathered the bad little pumpkin, and kept it from being fed to the cow, it was so funny-looking; and the day before Thanksgiving the farmer found it in the barn, and he said, 
"'Hollo!
Here's that little fool pumpkin.
Wonder if it thinks it's a morning-glory yet?'
"And the boy said, 'Oh, father, mayn't I have it?'
"And the father said, 'Guess so.

the eyes of the little mermaid seemed to say when he took her in his arms and kissed her fair forehead.
"Yes, you are dear to me," said the prince, "for you have the best heart and you are the most devoted to me.
You are like a young maiden whom I once saw, but whom I shall never meet again.
I was in a ship that was wrecked, and the waves cast me ashore near a holy temple where several young maidens performed the service.
The youngest of them found me on the shore and saved my life.
I saw her but twice, and she is the only one in the world whom I could love.
But you are like her, and you have almost driven her image from my mind.
She belongs to the holy temple, and good fortune has sent you to me in her stead.
We will never part.
"Ah, he knows not that it was I who saved his life," thought the little mermaid.
"I carried him over the sea to the wood where the temple stands; I sat beneath the foam and watched till the human beings came to help him.
I saw the pretty maiden that he loves better than he loves me."

it’s your nature you can’t help it!”
“My word!
what a thing to be melancholy about!
Why, do you think I should be any happier if I were to feel disturbed about the excavations you tell me of?”
“It is better to be unhappy and know the worst, than to be happy in a fool’s paradise!
I suppose you don’t believe that you have a rival in that quarter?”
“Your insinuations as to rivalry are rather cynical, Hippolyte.
I’m sorry to say I have no right to answer you!
As for Gania, I put it to you, can any man have a happy mind after passing through what he has had to suffer?
I think that is the best way to look at it.
He will change yet, he has lots of time before him, and life is rich; besides besides...” the prince hesitated.
“As to being undermined, I don’t know what in the world you are driving at, Hippolyte.
I think we had better drop the subject!”
“Very well, we’ll drop it for a while.
You can’t look at anything but in your exalted, generous way.
You must put out your finger and touch a thing before you’ll believe it, eh?

The carcases of both whales had dropped astern; and the head-laden ship not a little resembled a mule carrying a pair of overburdening panniers.
Meantime, Fedallah was calmly eyeing the right whale’s head, and ever and anon glancing from the deep wrinkles there to the lines in his own hand.
And Ahab chanced so to stand, that the Parsee occupied his shadow; while, if the Parsee’s shadow was there at all it seemed only to blend with, and lengthen Ahab’s.
As the crew toiled on, Laplandish speculations were bandied among them, concerning all these passing things.
CHAPTER 74.
The Sperm Whale’s Head—Contrasted View.
Here, now, are two great whales, laying their heads together; let us join them, and lay together our own.
Of the grand order of folio leviathans, the Sperm Whale and the Right Whale are by far the most noteworthy.
They are the only whales regularly hunted by man.
To the Nantucketer, they present the two extremes of all the known varieties of the whale.
As the external difference between them is mainly observable in their heads; and as a head of each is this moment hanging from the Pequod’s side; and as we may freely go from one to the other, by merely stepping across the deck:—where, I should like to know, will you obtain a better chance to study practical cetology than here?
In the first place, you are struck by the general contrast between these heads.

Or Colia, either.
But perhaps I have not yet quite understood you, Lebedeff?”
Lebedeff made an impatient movement.
“But there is nothing to understand!
Sympathy and tenderness, that is all that is all our poor invalid requires!
You will permit me to consider him an invalid?”
“Yes, it shows delicacy and intelligence on your part.”
“I will explain my idea by a practical example, to make it clearer.
You know the sort of man he is.
At present his only failing is that he is crazy about that captain’s widow, and he cannot go to her without money, and I mean to catch him at her house today for his own good; but supposing it was not only the widow, but that he had committed a real crime, or at least some very dishonourable action (of which he is, of course, incapable), I repeat that even in that case, if he were treated with what I may call generous tenderness, one could get at the whole truth, for he is very soft-hearted!
Believe me, he would betray himself before five days were out; he would burst into tears, and make a clean breast of the matter; especially if managed with tact, and if you and his family watched his every step, so to speak.
Oh, my dear prince,”
 Lebedeff added most emphatically, “I do not positively assert that he has...
I am ready, as the saying is, to shed my last drop of blood for him this instant; but you will admit that debauchery, drunkenness, and the captain’s widow, all these together may lead him very far.”
“I am, of course, quite ready to add my efforts to yours in such a case,” said the prince, rising; “but I confess, Lebedeff, that I am terribly perplexed.
Tell me, do you still think... plainly, you say yourself that you suspect Mr. Ferdishenko?”
Lebedeff clasped his hands once more.
“Why, who else could I possibly suspect?

I made calls upon elegant ladies, and after I had enjoyed the gloss of silk and the delicacy of lace, and the flash of jewels, I slipped on my spectacles, and saw a peacock's feather, flounced and furbelowed and fluttering; or an iron rod, thin, sharp, and hard; nor could I possibly mistake the movement of the drapery for any flexibility of the thing draped, or, mysteriously chilled, I saw a statue of perfect form, or flowing movement, it might be alabaster, or bronze, or marble, but sadly often it was ice; and I knew that after it had shone a little, and frozen a few eyes with its despairing perfection, it could not be put away in the niches of palaces for ornament and proud family tradition, like the alabaster, or bronze, or marble statues, but would melt, and shrink, and fall coldly away in colorless and useless water, be absorbed in the earth and utterly forgotten.
"But the true sadness was rather in seeing those who, not having the spectacles, thought that the iron rod was flexible, and the ice statue warm.
I saw many a gallant heart, which seemed to me brave and loyal as the crusaders sent by genuine and noble faith to Syria and the sepulchre, pursuing, through days and nights, and a long life of devotion, the hope of lighting at least a smile in the cold eyes, if not a fire in the icy heart.
I watched the earnest, enthusiastic sacrifice.
I saw the pure resolve, the generous faith, the fine scorn of doubt, the impatience of suspicion.
I watched the grace, the ardor, the glory of devotion.
Through those strange spectacles how often I saw the noblest heart renouncing all other hope, all other ambition, all other life, than the possible love of some one of those statues.
Ah!
me, it was terrible, but they had not the love to give.
The Parian face was so polished and smooth, because there was no sorrow upon the heart, and, drearily often, no heart to be touched.
I could not wonder that the noble heart of devotion was broken, for it had dashed itself against a stone.
I wept, until my spectacles were dimmed for that hopeless sorrow; but there was a pang beyond tears for those icy statues.

And I step aside see here and leave you and Jim alone.
And you'll put that down for me too, for it's a long stretch, is that!”
So saying, he stepped back a little way, till he was out of earshot, and there sat down upon a tree-stump and began to whistle, spinning round now and again upon his seat so as to command a sight, sometimes of me and the doctor and sometimes of his unruly ruffians as they went to and fro in the sand between the fire which they were busy rekindling and the house, from which they brought forth pork and bread to make the breakfast.
“So, Jim,” said the doctor sadly, “here you are.
As you have brewed, so shall you drink, my boy.
Heaven knows, I cannot find it in my heart to blame you, but this much I will say, be it kind or unkind: when Captain Smollett was well, you dared not have gone off; and when he was ill and couldn't help it, by George, it was downright cowardly!”
I will own that I here began to weep.
“Doctor,” I said, “you might spare me.
I have blamed myself enough; my life's forfeit anyway, and I should have been dead by now if Silver hadn't stood for me; and doctor, believe this, I can die and I dare say I deserve it but what I fear is torture.
If they come to torture me ”
“Jim,” the doctor interrupted, and his voice was quite changed, “Jim, I can't have this.
Whip over, and we'll run for it.”
“Doctor,” said I, “I passed my word.”
“I know, I know,” he cried.
“We can't help that, Jim, now.
I'll take it on my shoulders, holus bolus, blame and shame, my boy; but stay here, I cannot let you.
Jump!

"Come," he wrote back to the vizier's son, "and stay at the palace.
And if the prince desires it, I will arrange for his marriage with Gulizar as soon as possible."
The prince and the vizier's son most gladly accepted the invitation, and received a right noble welcome from the king.
The marriage soon took place, and then after a few weeks the king gave them presents of horses and elephants, and jewels and rich cloths, and bade them start for their own land; for he was sure that the king would now receive them.
The night before they left the viziers and others, whom the king intended to have executed as soon as his visitors had left, came and besought the vizier's son to plead for them, and promised that they each would give him a daughter in marriage.
He agreed to do so, and succeeded in obtaining their pardon.
Then the prince, with his beautiful bride Gulizar, and the vizier's son, attended by a troop of soldiers, and a large number of camels and horses bearing very much treasure, left for their own land.
In the midst of the way they passed the tower of the robbers, and with the help of the soldiers they razed it to the ground, slew all its inmates, and seized the treasure which they had been amassing there for several years.
At length they reached their own country, and when the king saw his son's beautiful wife and his magnificent retinue he was at once reconciled, and ordered him to enter the city and take up his abode there.
Henceforth all was sunshine on the path of the prince.
He became a great favourite, and in due time succeeded to the throne, and ruled the country for many, many years in peace and happiness.
How Sun, Moon, and Wind went out to Dinner 

One day Sun, Moon, and Wind went out to dine with their uncle and aunts Thunder and Lightning.

This is not a good city, at this time, for you to be out in, unprotected; and as your escort knows Mr. Barsad, I will invite him to Mr. Lorry's with us.
Are we ready?
Come then!”
Miss Pross recalled soon afterwards, and to the end of her life remembered, that as she pressed her hands on Sydney's arm and looked up in his face, imploring him to do no hurt to Solomon, there was a braced purpose in the arm and a kind of inspiration in the eyes, which not only contradicted his light manner, but changed and raised the man.
She was too much occupied then with fears for the brother who so little deserved her affection, and with Sydney's friendly reassurances, adequately to heed what she observed.
They left her at the corner of the street, and Carton led the way to Mr.
Lorry's, which was within a few minutes' walk.
John Barsad, or Solomon Pross, walked at his side.
Mr. Lorry had just finished his dinner, and was sitting before a cheery little log or two of fire perhaps looking into their blaze for the picture of that younger elderly gentleman from Tellson's, who had looked into the red coals at the Royal George at Dover, now a good many years ago.
He turned his head as they entered, and showed the surprise with which he saw a stranger.
“Miss Pross's brother, sir,” said Sydney.
“Mr.
Barsad.”
“Barsad?” repeated the old gentleman, “Barsad?
I have an association with the name and with the face.”
“I told you you had a remarkable face, Mr. Barsad,” observed Carton, coolly.

The magician tried to escape, but he was seized and bound with strong cords.
The next day the sorcerer, tied to the tail of a savage mule loaded with nuts, was broken into as many pieces as there were nuts upon the mule’s back.
(1)

PRINCE HYACINTH AND THE DEAR LITTLE PRINCESS 
Once upon a time there lived a king who was deeply in love with a princess, but she could not marry anyone, because she was under an enchantment.
So the King set out to seek a fairy, and asked what he could do to win the Princess’s love.
The Fairy said to him:
“You know that the Princess has a great cat which she is very fond of.
Whoever is clever enough to tread on that cat’s tail is the man she is destined to marry.”
The King said to himself that this would not be very difficult, and he left the Fairy, determined to grind the cat’s tail to powder rather than not tread on it at all.
You may imagine that it was not long before he went to see the Princess, and puss, as usual, marched in before him, arching his back.
The King took a long step, and quite thought he had the tail under his foot, but the cat turned round so sharply that he only trod on air.
And so it went on for eight days, till the King began to think that this fatal tail must be full of quicksilver it was never still for a moment.
At last, however, he was lucky enough to come upon puss fast asleep and with his tail conveniently spread out.
So the King, without losing a moment, set his foot upon it heavily.
With one terrific yell the cat sprang up and instantly changed into a tall man, who, fixing his angry eyes upon the King, said:
“You shall marry the Princess because you have been able to break the enchantment, but I will have my revenge.

He moved southward and attacked Gates at Bemis Heights, or, as a British wit had it, "gave Gates ajar," near Saratoga.
A wavering fight occupied the day, and then both armies turned in and fortified for two weeks.
Burgoyne saw that he was running out of food, and so was first to open fire.
Arnold, who had been deprived of his command since the last battle, probably to prevent his wiping out the entire enemy and getting promoted, was so maddened by the conflict that he dashed in before Gates could put him in the guard-house, and at the head of his old command, and without authority or hat, led the attack.
Gates did not dare to come where Arnold was, to order him back, for it was a very warm place where Arnold was at the time.
The enemy was thus driven to camp.
Arnold was shot in the same leg that was wounded at Quebec; so he was borne back to the extreme rear, where he found Gates eating a doughnut and speaking disrespectfully of Arnold.
A council was now held in Burgoyne's tent, and on the question of renewing the fight stood six to six, when an eighteen-pound hot shot went through the tent, knocking a stylographic pen out of General Burgoyne's hand.
Almost at once he decided to surrender, and the entire army of six thousand men was surrendered, together with arms, portable bath-tubs, and leather hat-boxes.
The Americans marched into their camp to the tune of Yankee Doodle, which is one of the most impudent compositions ever composed.
During the Valley Forge winter (1777-78) Continental currency depreciated in value so that an officer's pay would not buy his clothes.
Many, having also spent their private funds for the prosecution of the war, were obliged to resign and hire out in the lumber woods in order to get food for their families.

"I know very little of the world, sir," replied the old man, "it would not be worth while to mislead me.
The young woman whom you saw go in is my brother's child.
You say you have seen her at your mother's, and have felt an interest in her, and wish to know what she does here.
Come and see."
Arthur Clennam followed his guide to the room of the Father of the Marshalsea.
"I found this gentleman," said the uncle "Mr. Clennam, William, son of Amy's friend at the outer gate, wishful, as he was going by, of paying his respects.
This is my brother William, sir."
"Mr. Clennam," said William Dorrit, "you are welcome, sir; pray sit down.
I have welcomed many visitors here."
The Father of the Marshalsea went on to mention that he had been gratified by the testimonials of his visitors the "very acceptable testimonials."
When Clennam left he presented his testimonial, and the next morning found him there again.
He went out with Little Dorrit alone; asked her if she had ever heard his mother's name before.

for her tone implied it, and something in her face made Meg color, and wish she had not been so frank.
Mr. Brooke looked up and said quickly, "Young ladies in America love independence as much as their ancestors did, and are admired and respected for supporting themselves."
"Oh, yes, of course it's very nice and proper in them to do so.
We have many most respectable and worthy young women who do the same and are employed by the nobility, because, being the daughters of gentlemen, they are both well bred and accomplished, you know," said Miss Kate in a patronizing tone that hurt Meg's pride, and made her work seem not only more distasteful, but degrading.
"Did the German song suit, Miss March?"
inquired Mr. Brooke, breaking an awkward pause.
"Oh, yes!
It was very sweet, and I'm much obliged to whoever translated it for me."
And Meg's downcast face brightened as she spoke.
"Don't you read German?"
asked Miss Kate with a look of surprise.
"Not very well.

They still had a very furious look, and, if Cadmus happened to glance aside, would glare at one another, with fire flashing out of their eyes.
It was strange, too, to observe how the earth, out of which they had so lately grown, was incrusted, here and there, on their bright breastplates, and even, begrimed their faces; just as you may have seen it clinging to beets and carrots, when pulled out of their native soil.
Cadmus hardly knew whether to consider them as men, or some odd kind of vegetable; although, on the whole, he concluded that there was human nature in them, because they were so fond of trumpets and weapons, and so ready to shed blood.
They looked him earnestly in the face, waiting for his next order, and evidently desiring no other employment than to follow him from one battlefield to another, all over the wide world.
But Cadmus was wiser than these earth-born creatures, with the dragon's fierceness in them, and knew better how to use their strength and hardihood.
"Come!"
said he.
"You are sturdy fellows.
Make yourselves useful!
Quarry some stones with those great swords of yours, and help me to build a city."
The five soldiers grumbled a little, and muttered that it was their business to overthrow cities, not to build them up.
But Cadmus looked at them with a stern eye, and spoke to them in a tone of authority, so that they knew him for their master, and never again thought of disobeying his commands.

It was made up of cornfields, pasture fields, brooks, and ponds, and in it were a quantity of living creatures, wild and tame.
Cows, horses, lambs and sheep fed in the meadows, pigs and fowls walked about the barnyards.
In lonelier places were rabbits, wild birds inhabited the fields and woods.
Through his wonderful spectacles the Prince could see everything, but he was too high up to hear anything except a faint murmur, which only aroused his anxiety to hear more.
"I wonder if my godmother would give me a second pair of ears?"
he said.
Scarcely had he spoken, than he found lying on his lap the most curious little parcel, all done up in silver paper.
And it contained a pair of silver ears, which, when he tried them on, fitted so exactly over his own, that he hardly felt them, except for the difference they made in his hearing.
The sound which greeted his ears is one which we have heard many times, but Prince Dolor, who had lived all his days in the dead silence of Hopeless Tower, heard it for the first time.
And oh!
If you had seen his face.
He listened, and listened, and looked and looked.

It is moreover declared in his pyramidical silence.
And this reminds me that had the great Sperm Whale been known to the young Orient World, he would have been deified by their child-magian thoughts.
They deified the crocodile of the Nile, because the crocodile is tongueless; and the Sperm Whale has no tongue, or at least it is so exceedingly small, as to be incapable of protrusion.
If hereafter any highly cultured, poetical nation shall lure back to their birth-right, the merry May-day gods of old; and livingly enthrone them again in the now egotistical sky; in the now unhaunted hill; then be sure, exalted to Jove’s high seat, the great Sperm Whale shall lord it.
Champollion deciphered the wrinkled granite hieroglyphics.
But there is no Champollion to decipher the Egypt of every man’s and every being’s face.
Physiognomy, like every other human science, is but a passing fable.
If then, Sir William Jones, who read in thirty languages, could not read the simplest peasant’s face in its profounder and more subtle meanings, how may unlettered Ishmael hope to read the awful Chaldee of the Sperm Whale’s brow?
I but put that brow before you.
Read it if you can.
CHAPTER 80.
The Nut.

When they brought it back to him he shot off the second, and when they had found and brought it to him he shot off his third, and when they had brought him the third he shot off the fourth.
While they were away looking for the fourth arrow the Raja's son let his horse loose in the jungle, and sat on the bed, taking the bowl, the stick and rope, and the bag with him.
Then he said, "Bed, I wish to go to the Princess Labam's country."
The little bed instantly rose up into the air and began to fly, and it flew and flew till it came to the Princess Labam's country, where it settled on the ground.
The Raja's son asked some men he saw, "Whose country is this?"
"The Princess Labam's country," they answered.
Then the prince went on till he came to a house where he saw an old woman.
"Who are you?"
she said.
"Where do you come from?"
"I come from a far country," he said; "do let me stay with you to-night."
"No," she answered, "I cannot let you stay with me; for our king has ordered that men from other countries may not stay in his country.

With no more definite purpose than to escape the hazard of originating any other kind of action.
The coach lumbered on again, with heavier wreaths of mist closing round it as it began the descent.
The guard soon replaced his blunderbuss in his arm-chest, and, having looked to the rest of its contents, and having looked to the supplementary pistols that he wore in his belt, looked to a smaller chest beneath his seat, in which there were a few smith's tools, a couple of torches, and a tinder-box.
For he was furnished with that completeness that if the coach-lamps had been blown and stormed out, which did occasionally happen, he had only to shut himself up inside, keep the flint and steel sparks well off the straw, and get a light with tolerable safety and ease (if he were lucky) in five minutes.
“Tom!” softly over the coach roof.
“Hallo, Joe.”
“Did you hear the message?”
“I did, Joe.”
“What did you make of it, Tom?”
“Nothing at all, Joe.”
“That's a coincidence, too,” the guard mused, “for I made the same of it myself.”
Jerry, left alone in the mist and darkness, dismounted meanwhile, not only to ease his spent horse, but to wipe the mud from his face, and shake the wet out of his hat-brim, which might be capable of holding about half a gallon.
After standing with the bridle over his heavily-splashed arm, until the wheels of the mail were no longer within hearing and the night was quite still again, he turned to walk down the hill.
“After that there gallop from Temple Bar, old lady, I won't trust your fore-legs till I get you on the level,” said this hoarse messenger, glancing at his mare.
“'Recalled to life.'
That's a Blazing strange message.
Much of that wouldn't do for you, Jerry!
I say, Jerry!

My traveling days are over but last spring I took just one more trip and sailed to the Island of Tangerina, stopping at the port of Cranberry.
Well, it just so happened that I missed the boat, and while waiting for the next I thought I'd look around a bit.
I was particularly interested in a place called Wild Island, which we had passed on our way to Tangerina.
Wild Island and Tangerina are joined together by a long string of rocks, but people never go to Wild Island because it's mostly jungle and inhabited by very wild animals.
So, I decided to go across the rocks and explore it for myself.
It certainly is an interesting place, but I saw something there that made me want to weep."
MY FATHER RUNS AWAY 
"Wild Island is practically cut in two by a very wide and muddy river," continued the cat.
"This river begins near one end of the island and flows into the ocean at the other.
Now the animals there are very lazy, and they used to hate having to go all the way around the beginning of this river to get to the other side of the island.
It made visiting inconvenient and mail deliveries slow, particularly during the Christmas rush.
Crocodiles could have carried passengers and mail across the river, but crocodiles are very moody, and not the least bit dependable, and are always looking for something to eat.
They don't care if the animals have to walk around the river, so that's just what the animals did for many years."

The general interrupted his innocent slumbers, at six o’clock, in order to go and wake his beloved son, and warn him of the dreadful danger of companionship with Ferdishenko.
Dear me!
what a dreadfully dangerous man Ferdishenko must be, and what touching paternal solicitude, on the part of his excellency, ha!
ha!
ha!”
“Listen, Lebedeff,” began the prince, quite overwhelmed; “do act quietly don’t make a scandal, Lebedeff, I ask you I entreat you!
No one must know no one, mind!
In that case only, I will help you.”
“Be assured, most honourable, most worthy of princes be assured that the whole matter shall be buried within my heart!” cried Lebedeff, in a paroxysm of exaltation.
“I’d give every drop of my blood... Illustrious prince, I am a poor wretch in soul and spirit, but ask the veriest scoundrel whether he would prefer to deal with one like himself, or with a noble-hearted man like you, and there is no doubt as to his choice!
He’ll answer that he prefers the noble-hearted man and there you have the triumph of virtue!
Au revoir, honoured prince!
You and I together softly!
softly!”
X.

They were very fat and round.
Their bodies were like sealskin jackets on a very stout person; their heads were like sealskin muffs; their legs were like sealskin boas; and their hands and feet were like sealskin tobacco pouches.
And their faces were like seals' faces, inasmuch as they, too, were covered with sealskin.
"Thank you so much for telling us," said George.
"Good evening.
(Keep on howling, Jane!)"
But the dwarfs came a step nearer, muttering and whispering.
Then the muttering stopped and there was a silence so deep that Jane was afraid to howl in it.
But it was a brown silence, and she had liked the white silence better.
Then the chief dwarf came quite close and said: "What's that on your head?"
And George felt it was all up for he knew it was his father's sealskin cap.
The dwarf did not wait for an answer.

Did I tell you how it was on the Fourth of July?"
"No; how was it?"
And the little girl nestled closer, in expectation of something uncommon.
Well, the night before, the boys stayed up to celebrate, as they   always do, and fell asleep before twelve o'clock, as usual, expecting   to be wakened by the bells and cannon.
But it was nearly eight o'clock   before the first boy in the United States woke up, and then he found   out what the trouble was.
As soon as he could get his clothes on he   ran out of the house and smashed a big cannon-torpedo down on the   pavement; but it didn't make any more noise than a damp wad of paper;   and after he tried about twenty or thirty more, he began to pick them   up and look at them.
Every single torpedo was a big raisin!
Then he   just streaked it up-stairs, and examined his fire-crackers and   toy-pistol and two-dollar collection of fireworks, and found that they   were nothing but sugar and candy painted up to look like fireworks!
Before ten o'clock every boy in the United States found out that his   Fourth of July things had turned into Christmas things; and then they   just sat down and cried they were so mad.
There are about twenty   million boys in the United States, and so you can imagine what a noise   they made.
Some men got together before night, with a little powder   that hadn't turned into purple sugar yet, and they said they would   fire off one cannon, anyway.
But the cannon burst into a thousand   pieces, for it was nothing but rock-candy, and some of the men nearly   got killed.

His eyes, which were closed, had white lashes and were set as near together as Nature had been able to manage without actually running them into one another.
His underlip protruded and drooped.
Looking at him, one felt instinctively that no judging committee of a beauty contest would hesitate a moment before him.
It soon became apparent that the light of the lamp, though bestowing the doubtful privilege of a clearer view of Mr. Repetto's face, held certain disadvantages.
Scarcely had the staff of Peaceful Moments reached the faint yellow pool of light, in the center of which Mr. Repetto reclined, than, with a suddenness which caused them to leap into the air, there sounded from the darkness down the road the crack-crack-crack of a revolver.
Instantly from the opposite direction came other shots.
Three bullets cut grooves in the roadway almost at John's feet.
The Kid gave a sudden howl.
Smith's hat, suddenly imbued with life, sprang into the air and vanished, whirling into the night.
The thought did not come to them consciously at the moment, there being little time to think, but it was evident as soon as, diving out of the circle of light into the sheltering darkness, they crouched down and waited for the next move, that a somewhat skilful ambush had been effected.
The other members of the gang, who had fled with such remarkable speed, had by no means been eliminated altogether from the game.
While the questioning of Mr. Repetto had been in progress, they had crept back, unperceived except by Mr. Repetto himself.

Demi's miracle of mechanical skill, though the cover wouldn't shut, Rob's footstool had a wiggle in its uneven legs that she declared was soothing, and no page of the costly book Amy's child gave her was so fair as that on which appeared in tipsy capitals, the words "To dear Grandma, from her little Beth."
During the ceremony the boys had mysteriously disappeared, and when Mrs. March had tried to thank her children, and broken down, while Teddy wiped her eyes on his pinafore, the Professor suddenly began to sing.
Then, from above him, voice after voice took up the words, and from tree to tree echoed the music of the unseen choir, as the boys sang with all their hearts the little song that Jo had written, Laurie set to music, and the Professor trained his lads to give with the best effect.
This was something altogether new, and it proved a grand success, for Mrs. March couldn't get over her surprise, and insisted on shaking hands with every one of the featherless birds, from tall Franz and Emil to the little quadroon, who had the sweetest voice of all.
After this, the boys dispersed for a final lark, leaving Mrs. March and her daughters under the festival tree.
"I don't think I ever ought to call myself 'unlucky Jo' again, when my greatest wish has been so beautifully gratified," said Mrs. Bhaer, taking Teddy's little fist out of the milk pitcher, in which he was rapturously churning.
"And yet your life is very different from the one you pictured so long ago.
Do you remember our castles in the air?"
asked Amy, smiling as she watched Laurie and John playing cricket with the boys.
"Dear fellows!
It does my heart good to see them forget business and frolic for a day," answered Jo, who now spoke in a maternal way of all mankind.
"Yes, I remember, but the life I wanted then seems selfish, lonely, and cold to me now.

But the rotten wood and the herring's head declared most solemnly, by all they held sacred, that the glowworm only gave light at certain times and must not be allowed to compete with them.
The old lamp assured them that not one of them could give sufficient light to fill the position of a street lamp, but they would believe nothing that it said.
When they discovered that it had not the power of naming its successor, they said they were very glad to hear it, for the lamp was too old and worn out to make a proper choice.
At this moment the wind came rushing round the corner of the street and through the air-holes of the old lamp.
"What is this I hear?"
it asked.
"Are you going away to-morrow?
Is this evening the last time we shall meet?
Then I must present you with a farewell gift.
I will blow into your brain, so that in future not only shall you be able to remember all that you have seen or heard in the past, but your light within shall be so bright that you will be able to understand all that is said or done in your presence."
"Oh, that is really a very, very great gift," said the old lamp.
"I thank you most heartily.

"Of course I am," replied Nicholas haughtily.
"Then see here," said his uncle.
"This caught my eyes this morning, and you may thank your stars for it."
With that Mr. Ralph Nickleby took a newspaper from his pocket and read the following advertisement.
"Education.
At Mr. Wackford Squeers' Academy, Dotheboys Hall, at the delightful village of Dotheboys, in Yorkshire, youths are boarded, clothed, booked, furnished with pocket-money, instructed in all languages living or dead, mathematics, orthography, geometry, trigonometry, the use of the globes, algebra, single-stick (if required), writing, arithmetic, fortification, and every other branch of classic literature.
Terms, twenty guineas per annum.
No extras, no vacations, and diet unparalleled.
Mr. Squeers is in town, and attends daily from one till four, at the Saracen's Head, Snow Hill.
N.B.
An able assistant wanted.
Annual salary, £5, A Master of Arts would be preferred."

Did you ever see such a sight!
First Councilman.
The streets are crowded with them!
Big and little, brown, black, and gray, they are tumbling over each other in their hurry!
Second Councilman.
Sir!
he is going toward the bridge.
Third Councilman.
They must think he is playing a tune of apples and cheese!
Mayor.
There they are at the river.
They are plunging in!

"Oh, don't think of me!"
she replied with spirited earnestness, though her eyes were filled with tears as she spoke, "don't think of MY health.
Elinor is well, you see.
That must be enough for us both."
This remark was not calculated to make Edward or Elinor more easy, nor to conciliate the good will of Lucy, who looked up at Marianne with no very benignant expression.
"Do you like London?"
said Edward, willing to say any thing that might introduce another subject.
"Not at all.
I expected much pleasure in it, but I have found none.
The sight of you, Edward, is the only comfort it has afforded; and thank Heaven!
you are what you always were!"
She paused no one spoke.

He never used to be afraid of me; and he has seen me so many, many times."
King Dantal answered, "It is because you are so beautiful.
You are far, far more beautiful than you ever were.
But he will be very happy directly."
Then the King got some water, and they bathed Majnun's face and gave him some to drink, and he sat up again.
Then Laili said, "Why did you faint?
Did you not see I am Laili?"
"Oh!"
said Prince Majnun, "I see you are Laili come back to me, but your eyes have grown so wonderfully beautiful, that I fainted when I saw them."
Then they were all very happy, and King Dantal had all the drums in the place beaten, and had all the musical instruments played on, and they made a grand wedding-feast, and gave presents to the servants, and rice and quantities of rupees to the fakirs.
After some time had passed very happily, Prince Majnun and his wife went out to eat the air.
They rode on the same horse, and had only a groom with them.

asked the Wizard quietly.
"No, never but "
"Then permit me to say," replied the Wizard, "that you are not qualified to judge.
Little Dorothy and I have traveled in many strange lands all over the world, and we prefer the Land of Oz for our home."
"Well, everyone to his own taste, of course," muttered Hi-Lo, unconvinced and a trifle crestfallen.
Just then Mrs. Hi-Lo re-entered the room bearing a tray laden with steaming hot foods.
At her invitation Dorothy and the Wizard pulled their chairs up to a table, and Mrs. Hi-Lo served the food on gleaming white enameled pine platters and dishes.
There was savory vegetable soup, scrambled eggs, cheese, lettuce and tomato salad, chocolate layer cake and lemonade.
The food was delicious and as Dorothy and the Wizard had not eaten since breakfast, and it was now nearly evening, they did full justice to the meal.
Mr. and Mrs. Hi-Lo looked on with polite curiosity, marveling that the strangers could enjoy such odd food.
When they had finished the Wizard sighed with satisfaction and sat back in his chair.
"Where did you get this excellent food, if there are no human beings on the mountain top?"
he asked.

A little over-precipitance may ruin all.”
“And now?” I asked.
“Our quest is practically finished.
I shall call with the King to-morrow, and with you, if you care to come with us.
We will be shown into the sitting-room to wait for the lady, but it is probable that when she comes she may find neither us nor the photograph.
It might be a satisfaction to his Majesty to regain it with his own hands.”
“And when will you call?”
“At eight in the morning.
She will not be up, so that we shall have a clear field.
Besides, we must be prompt, for this marriage may mean a complete change in her life and habits.
I must wire to the King without delay.”
We had reached Baker Street and had stopped at the door.
He was searching his pockets for the key when someone passing said:
“Good-night, Mister Sherlock Holmes.”
There were several people on the pavement at the time, but the greeting appeared to come from a slim youth in an ulster who had hurried by.
“I’ve heard that voice before,” said Holmes, staring down the dimly lit street.
“Now, I wonder who the deuce that could have been.”
III.
I slept at Baker Street that night, and we were engaged upon our toast and coffee in the morning when the King of Bohemia rushed into the room.

He ran to hide under some bushes.
The little birds in the bushes were afraid and flew away.
*       *
          because       house           would           away          hard            lived 
"It is all because I am so ugly," said the duckling.
So he ran away.
At night he came to an old house.
The house looked as if it would fall down.
It was so old.
But the wind blew so hard that the duckling went into the house.
An old woman lived there with her cat and her hen.
The old woman said, "I will keep the duck.
I will have some eggs."
*       *
          growl         walk           corner        animals 
The next day, the cat saw the duckling and began to growl.

You can leave your bag.”
“No, I think that I’ll take it.”
“Very good.
Come this way, if you please.” He led us down a passage, opened a barred door, passed down a winding stair, and brought us to a whitewashed corridor with a line of doors on each side.
“The third on the right is his,” said the inspector.
“Here it is!” He quietly shot back a panel in the upper part of the door and glanced through.
“He is asleep,” said he.
“You can see him very well.”
We both put our eyes to the grating.
The prisoner lay with his face towards us, in a very deep sleep, breathing slowly and heavily.
He was a middle-sized man, coarsely clad as became his calling, with a coloured shirt protruding through the rent in his tattered coat.
He was, as the inspector had said, extremely dirty, but the grime which covered his face could not conceal its repulsive ugliness.
A broad wheal from an old scar ran right across it from eye to chin, and by its contraction had turned up one side of the upper lip, so that three teeth were exposed in a perpetual snarl.
A shock of very bright red hair grew low over his eyes and forehead.
“He’s a beauty, isn’t he?” said the inspector.

it said; and the street rang with its happy laughter.
The man looked, and in the child's hand lay a penny.
"Hurrah!"
said the child.
"Hurrah!"
said the man.
Then they parted, and the child went and bought a stick of candy, and saw all the world red and white in stripes.
The man went and put his eight hundred dollars in the savings-bank, all but fifty cents, and with the fifty cents he bought a hobby-horse for his own little boy, and the little boy saw all the world brown, with white spots.
"Is this the horse you wanted so to buy, father?"
asked the little boy.
"It is the horse I have bought!"
said the man.

Everywhere groups of boys were gathered together.
Some played at marbles, at hopscotch, at ball.
Others rode on bicycles or on wooden horses.
Some played at blindman’s buff, others at tag.
Here a group played circus, there another sang and recited.
A few turned somersaults, others walked on their hands with their feet in the air.
Generals in full uniform leading regiments of cardboard soldiers passed by.
Laughter, shrieks, howls, catcalls, hand-clapping followed this parade.
One boy made a noise like a hen, another like a rooster, and a third imitated a lion in his den.
All together they created such a pandemonium that it would have been necessary for you to put cotton in your ears.
The squares were filled with small wooden theaters, overflowing with boys from morning till night, and on the walls of the houses, written with charcoal, were words like these: HURRAH FOR THE LAND OF TOYS!
DOWN WITH ARITHMETIC!

Who's-afraid?'
until the rest are ready to fly over."
"Now the others are doing the same thing," said the Rabbit, as the mothers and young Turkeys began to strut back and forth.
"That shows that they are willing to cross," answered the Ground Hog.
"Now they will fly up to the very tops of the trees on the hill and visit there for a time.
It is always so.
They start from the highest point they can find.
It will be some time before they come over, and I will take a short nap.
Be sure to awaken me when they start.
I want to welcome them to the Forest."
And the Ground Hog curled himself up beside a log and went to sleep.
The Rabbit wandered around and ate all the good things he could find.

Truly they must be lost in this vast forest.
O dark night, why have you stolen the way from them and left me alone and helpless?
Helpless?
No, not helpless, for the good mind has helpers ever present in pure-eyed Faith and white-handed Hope.
I will pray to God, who will send me a guardian to guide me to my home.
What is that light I see?
My brothers seek me and I will sing to them.
Perhaps they are not far away and will hear my voice.
Sweet Echo, sweetest nymph, that liv'st unseen      Within thy airy shell,    Canst thou not tell me of a gentle pair      That likest thy Narcissus are?
O if thou have      Hid them in some flowery cave,    Tell me but where,    Sweet Queen of Parley, Daughter of the Sphere!
Comus (to himself).
What sweet song is this?

Bless you, I have no business,” said Mr. Carton.
“It is a pity you have not, sir.”
“I think so, too.”
“If you had,” pursued Mr. Lorry, “perhaps you would attend to it.”
“Lord love you, no!
I shouldn't,” said Mr. Carton.
“Well, sir!” cried Mr. Lorry, thoroughly heated by his indifference, “business is a very good thing, and a very respectable thing.
And, sir, if business imposes its restraints and its silences and impediments, Mr.
Darnay as a young gentleman of generosity knows how to make allowance for that circumstance.
Mr. Darnay, good night, God bless you, sir!
I hope you have been this day preserved for a prosperous and happy life.
Chair there!”
Perhaps a little angry with himself, as well as with the barrister, Mr.
Lorry bustled into the chair, and was carried off to Tellson's.
Carton, who smelt of port wine, and did not appear to be quite sober, laughed then, and turned to Darnay:
“This is a strange chance that throws you and me together.
This must be a strange night to you, standing alone here with your counterpart on these street stones?”
“I hardly seem yet,” returned Charles Darnay, “to belong to this world again.”
“I don't wonder at it; it's not so long since you were pretty far advanced on your way to another.
You speak faintly.”
“I begin to think I am faint.”
“Then why the devil don't you dine?
I dined, myself, while those numskulls were deliberating which world you should belong to this, or some other.

What a pair of shoulders they must have been, for they were, later, to uphold the sky!
So the Pygmies kept shouting at Antaeus, and even went so far as to prick him with their swords.
Antaeus sat up, gave a yawn that was several yards wide, and finally turned his stupid head in the direction in which the little people pointed.
No sooner did he set eye on the stranger than, leaping to his feet and seizing his walking stick, he strode a mile or two to meet him, all the while brandishing the sturdy pine-tree so that it whistled through the air.
"Who are you?"
thundered the Giant, "and what do you want in my domain?
Speak, you vagabond, or I'll try the thickness of your skull with my walking-stick."
"You are a very discourteous Giant," answered the stranger quietly, "and I shall probably have to teach you a little civility before we part.
As for my name, it is Hercules.
I have come hither because this is my most convenient road to the garden of the Hesperides, where I am going to get some of the golden apples for King Eurystheus."
"Then you shall go no farther!"
bellowed Antaeus, for he had heard of the mighty Hercules and hated him because he was said to be so strong.

Notice the bonds Nos.
18 and 27.
Do you notice the listening attitude of No.
18?
He is listening to the accumulating interest.
Note the aged and haggard look of No.
27.
He has just begun to notice that he is maturing.
Cast your eye on the prone form of No.
31.
He has just fallen due, and in doing so has hurt his crazy-bone (see Appendix).
Be good enough to study the gold-bearing bond behind the screen.

At first they played keep-house, and frolicked over it like children.
Then John took steadily to business, feeling the cares of the head of a family upon his shoulders, and Meg laid by her cambric wrappers, put on a big apron, and fell to work, as before said, with more energy than discretion.
While the cooking mania lasted she went through Mrs. Cornelius's Receipt Book as if it were a mathematical exercise, working out the problems with patience and care.
Sometimes her family were invited in to help eat up a too bounteous feast of successes, or Lotty would be privately dispatched with a batch of failures, which were to be concealed from all eyes in the convenient stomachs of the little Hummels.
An evening with John over the account books usually produced a temporary lull in the culinary enthusiasm, and a frugal fit would ensue, during which the poor man was put through a course of bread pudding, hash, and warmed-over coffee, which tried his soul, although he bore it with praiseworthy fortitude.
Before the golden mean was found, however, Meg added to her domestic possessions what young couples seldom get on long without, a family jar.
Fired with a housewifely wish to see her storeroom stocked with homemade preserves, she undertook to put up her own currant jelly.
John was requested to order home a dozen or so of little pots and an extra quantity of sugar, for their own currants were ripe and were to be attended to at once.
As John firmly believed that 'my wife' was equal to anything, and took a natural pride in her skill, he resolved that she should be gratified, and their only crop of fruit laid by in a most pleasing form for winter use.
Home came four dozen delightful little pots, half a barrel of sugar, and a small boy to pick the currants for her.
With her pretty hair tucked into a little cap, arms bared to the elbow, and a checked apron which had a coquettish look in spite of the bib, the young housewife fell to work, feeling no doubts about her success, for hadn't she seen Hannah do it hundreds of times?
The array of pots rather amazed her at first, but John was so fond of jelly, and the nice little jars would look so well on the top shelf, that Meg resolved to fill them all, and spent a long day picking, boiling, straining, and fussing over her jelly.

"I wonder," began the Wizard, "if you can tell us if the Princess Ozana is in?"
The little maid looked up, regarding the strangers with friendly curiosity.
Dorothy saw that she was very lovely.
Her eyes were as soft as shy woodland violets, and of the same purple hue; her skin as delicately colored as fragile petals, and her lips were like rosebuds.
"No," the maid replied with a suspicion of a smile in her voice, "Princess Ozana is not in her cottage at the moment."
"Perhaps you know where we can find her," suggested the Wizard.
At this the little maid gave a silvery laugh and exclaimed, "You have found her I am Princess Ozana!"
"Of course, Wizard," said Dorothy, "Princess Ozana is the only flesh and blood person on Mount Illuso 'cept for us, so this just must be she.
Besides," she added, "no one else could be so beautiful."
"Thank you, my dear," said Ozana graciously, as she rose to her feet.
"And you, Sir," she continued, turning to the Wizard and sweetly easing the little man's embarrassment, "could scarcely be blamed for failing to recognize a princess garbed so simply and digging in a garden."
"I most humbly ask your pardon," murmured the Wizard.

The whole world had been looking for her and hoping for her coming although they had not really known this desire of their hearts.
And one of the first matters that the goddess of love attended to was that of the wilful Atalanta who had caused so much sorrow among the heroes of Greece.
Atalanta was a princess, too boyish for a girl and too girlish for a boy.
Many of the heroes had claimed her hand in marriage but she liked her own free, wild ways too much to give them up for spinning and the household arts.
To any prince or hero who asked for her hand Atalanta made the same reply, 
"I will be the prize of him who shall conquer me in a race; but death shall be the penalty of all who try and fail!"
It was a cruel decree.
How Atalanta could run!
There had never been a boy even who was able to beat her in a race.
The breezes seemed to give her wings, her bright hair blew over her shoulders, and the gay fringe of her dress fluttered behind her.
But as Atalanta raced, the ruddy hue of her skin seemed to fade and she became as white as marble, for her heart grew cold.
All her suitors were outdistanced and they were put to death without mercy.
Then Hippomenes came and decided to risk his life in a race with Atalanta.

I exhibited the greatest interest and sympathy, and I remember that poor Daria quite lost her head, and that I began assuring her, before everyone, that I would guarantee her forgiveness on the part of her mistress, if she would confess her guilt.
They all stared at the girl, and I remember a wonderful attraction in the reflection that here was I sermonizing away, with the money in my own pocket all the while.
I went and spent the three roubles that very evening at a restaurant.
I went in and asked for a bottle of Lafite, and drank it up; I wanted to be rid of the money.
“I did not feel much remorse either then or afterwards; but I would not repeat the performance believe it or not as you please.
There that’s all.”
“Only, of course that’s not nearly your worst action,” said the actress, with evident dislike in her face.
“That was a psychological phenomenon, not an action,” remarked Totski.
“And what about the maid?” asked Nastasia Philipovna, with undisguised contempt.
“Oh, she was turned out next day, of course.
It’s a very strict household, there!”
“And you allowed it?”
“I should think so, rather!
I was not going to return and confess next day,” laughed Ferdishenko, who seemed a little surprised at the disagreeable impression which his story had made on all parties.
“How mean you were!” said Nastasia.

She thought it was of no great value, but, being appropriate, she borrowed it, well knowing that Madame would never know it, nor care if she did.
It was, however, a very valuable copy of one of the famous pictures of the world, and Amy's beauty-loving eyes were never tired of looking up at the sweet face of the Divine Mother, while her tender thoughts of her own were busy at her heart.
On the table she laid her little testament and hymnbook, kept a vase always full of the best flowers Laurie brought her, and came every day to 'sit alone' thinking good thoughts, and praying the dear God to preserve her sister.
Esther had given her a rosary of black beads with a silver cross, but Amy hung it up and did not use it, feeling doubtful as to its fitness for Protestant prayers.
The little girl was very sincere in all this, for being left alone outside the safe home nest, she felt the need of some kind hand to hold by so sorely that she instinctively turned to the strong and tender Friend, whose fatherly love most closely surrounds His little children.
She missed her mother's help to understand and rule herself, but having been taught where to look, she did her best to find the way and walk in it confidingly.
But, Amy was a young pilgrim, and just now her burden seemed very heavy.
She tried to forget herself, to keep cheerful, and be satisfied with doing right, though no one saw or praised her for it.
In her first effort at being very, very good, she decided to make her will, as Aunt March had done, so that if she did fall ill and die, her possessions might be justly and generously divided.
It cost her a pang even to think of giving up the little treasures which in her eyes were as precious as the old lady's jewels.
During one of her play hours she wrote out the important document as well as she could, with some help from Esther as to certain legal terms, and when the good-natured Frenchwoman had signed her name, Amy felt relieved and laid it by to show Laurie, whom she wanted as a second witness.
As it was a rainy day, she went upstairs to amuse herself in one of the large chambers, and took Polly with her for company.

"No, we haven't, only the family.
My sister and friends have just come home, and we are all very happy.
Come in, and make one of us."
Though a very social man, I think Mr. Bhaer would have gone decorously away, and come again another day, but how could he, when Jo shut the door behind him, and bereft him of his hat?
Perhaps her face had something to do with it, for she forgot to hide her joy at seeing him, and showed it with a frankness that proved irresistible to the solitary man, whose welcome far exceeded his boldest hopes.
"If I shall not be Monsieur de Trop, I will so gladly see them all.
You haf been ill, my friend?"
He put the question abruptly, for, as Jo hung up his coat, the light fell on her face, and he saw a change in it.
"Not ill, but tired and sorrowful.
We have had trouble since I saw you last."
"Ah, yes, I know.
My heart was sore for you when I heard that," and he shook hands again, with such a sympathetic face that Jo felt as if no comfort could equal the look of the kind eyes, the grasp of the big, warm hand.

And Jo gave a disdainful shrug as the rest laughed at Laurie's matter-of-fact tone.
"Try again.
Truth isn't a bad game," said Fred.
"It's a very good one for you," retorted Jo in a low voice.
Her turn came next.
"What is your greatest fault?"
asked Fred, by way of testing in her the virtue he lacked himself.
"A quick temper."
"What do you most wish for?"
said Laurie.
"A pair of boot lacings," returned Jo, guessing and defeating his purpose.
"Not a true answer.

your sister-in-law's brother, Miss Dashwood?
a very agreeable young man to be sure; I know him very well."
"How can you say so, Anne?"
cried Lucy, who generally made an amendment to all her sister's assertions.
"Though we have seen him once or twice at my uncle's, it is rather too much to pretend to know him very well."
Elinor heard all this with attention and surprise.
"And who was this uncle?
Where did he live?
How came they acquainted?"
She wished very much to have the subject continued, though she did not chuse to join in it herself; but nothing more of it was said, and for the first time in her life, she thought Mrs. Jennings deficient either in curiosity after petty information, or in a disposition to communicate it.
The manner in which Miss Steele had spoken of Edward, increased her curiosity; for it struck her as being rather ill-natured, and suggested the suspicion of that lady's knowing, or fancying herself to know something to his disadvantage.
But her curiosity was unavailing, for no farther notice was taken of Mr. Ferrars's name by Miss Steele when alluded to, or even openly mentioned by Sir John.

Wheel down, wheel down to southward; oh, Gooverooska, go!
And tell the Deep-Sea Viceroys the story of our woe;      Ere, empty as the shark’s egg the tempest flings ashore,      The Beaches of Lukannon shall know their sons no more!
“Rikki-Tikki-Tavi”
     At the hole where he went in      Red-Eye called to Wrinkle-Skin.
Hear what little Red-Eye saith:
     “Nag, come up and dance with death!”
     Eye to eye and head to head,         (Keep the measure, Nag.)
This shall end when one is dead;         (At thy pleasure, Nag.)
Turn for turn and twist for twist 
        (Run and hide thee, Nag.)
Hah!
The hooded Death has missed!
(Woe betide thee, Nag!)
This is the story of the great war that Rikki-tikki-tavi fought single-handed, through the bath-rooms of the big bungalow in Segowlee cantonment.
Darzee, the Tailorbird, helped him, and Chuchundra, the musk-rat, who never comes out into the middle of the floor, but always creeps round by the wall, gave him advice, but Rikki-tikki did the real fighting.
He was a mongoose, rather like a little cat in his fur and his tail, but quite like a weasel in his head and his habits.

We run races an' play snap the whip, an' cut all sorts o' didoes, an'
we never mind the pick'rel weed that is froze in on the ice an' trips us up every time we cut the outside edge; an' then we boys jump over the air holes, an' the girls stan' by an' scream an' tell us they know we're agoin' to drownd ourselves.
So the hours go, an' it is sun-up at last, an' Sister Helen says we must be gettin' home.
When we take our skates off, our feet feel as if they were wood.
Laura has lost her tippet; I lend her mine, and she kind o' blushes.
The old pond seems glad to have us go, and the fire-hangbird's nest in the willer tree waves us good-bye.
Laura promises to come over to our house in the evenin', and so we break up.
"Seems now," continued Ezra musingly, "seems now as if I could see us all at breakfast.
The race on the pond has made us hungry, and Mother says she never knew anybody else's boys that had such capac'ties as hers.
It is the Yankee Thanksgivin' breakfast sausages an' fried potatoes, an' buckwheat cakes, an' syrup maple syrup, mind ye, for Father has his own sugar bush, and there was a big run o' sap last season.
Mother says, 'Ezry an' Amos, won't you never get through eatin'?
We want to clear off the table, fer there's pies to make, and nuts to crack, and laws sakes alive!
The turkey's got to be stuffed yet!'

Unlike the Danes, these Orientals do not demand the obsequious homage of lowered top-sails from the endless procession of ships before the wind, which for centuries past, by night and by day, have passed between the islands of Sumatra and Java, freighted with the costliest cargoes of the east.
But while they freely waive a ceremonial like this, they do by no means renounce their claim to more solid tribute.
Time out of mind the piratical proas of the Malays, lurking among the low shaded coves and islets of Sumatra, have sallied out upon the vessels sailing through the straits, fiercely demanding tribute at the point of their spears.
Though by the repeated bloody chastisements they have received at the hands of European cruisers, the audacity of these corsairs has of late been somewhat repressed; yet, even at the present day, we occasionally hear of English and American vessels, which, in those waters, have been remorselessly boarded and pillaged.
With a fair, fresh wind, the Pequod was now drawing nigh to these straits; Ahab purposing to pass through them into the Javan sea, and thence, cruising northwards, over waters known to be frequented here and there by the Sperm Whale, sweep inshore by the Philippine Islands, and gain the far coast of Japan, in time for the great whaling season there.
By these means, the circumnavigating Pequod would sweep almost all the known Sperm Whale cruising grounds of the world, previous to descending upon the Line in the Pacific; where Ahab, though everywhere else foiled in his pursuit, firmly counted upon giving battle to Moby Dick, in the sea he was most known to frequent; and at a season when he might most reasonably be presumed to be haunting it.
But how now?
in this zoned quest, does Ahab touch no land?
does his crew drink air?
Surely, he will stop for water.
Nay.
For a long time, now, the circus-running sun has raced within his fiery ring, and needs no sustenance but what’s in himself.

No possible endeavor then could enable her commander to make the great passage southwards, double Cape Horn, and then running down sixty degrees of latitude arrive in the equatorial Pacific in time to cruise there.
Therefore, he must wait for the next ensuing season.
Yet the premature hour of the Pequod’s sailing had, perhaps, been correctly selected by Ahab, with a view to this very complexion of things.
Because, an interval of three hundred and sixty-five days and nights was before him; an interval which, instead of impatiently enduring ashore, he would spend in a miscellaneous hunt; if by chance the White Whale, spending his vacation in seas far remote from his periodical feeding-grounds, should turn up his wrinkled brow off the Persian Gulf, or in the Bengal Bay, or China Seas, or in any other waters haunted by his race.
So that Monsoons, Pampas, Nor’-Westers, Harmattans, Trades; any wind but the Levanter and Simoon, might blow Moby Dick into the devious zig-zag world-circle of the Pequod’s circumnavigating wake.
But granting all this; yet, regarded discreetly and coolly, seems it not but a mad idea, this; that in the broad boundless ocean, one solitary whale, even if encountered, should be thought capable of individual recognition from his hunter, even as a white-bearded Mufti in the thronged thoroughfares of Constantinople?
Yes.
For the peculiar snow-white brow of Moby Dick, and his snow-white hump, could not but be unmistakable.
And have I not tallied the whale, Ahab would mutter to himself, as after poring over his charts till long after midnight he would throw himself back in reveries—tallied him, and shall he escape?
His broad fins are bored, and scalloped out like a lost sheep’s ear!
And here, his mad mind would run on in a breathless race; till a weariness and faintness of pondering came over him; and in the open air of the deck he would seek to recover his strength.
Ah, God!

Come away, come away;   'Tis our holiday."
A cloud of lovely yellow butterflies flew up from a wild-rose bush, and went dancing away higher and higher, till they vanished in the light beyond the wood.
"That is better than leap-frog.
I wish my skipping shoes would let me fly up somewhere, instead of carrying me on errands and where I ought to go all the time," said Kitty, watching the pretty things glitter as they flew.
Just at that minute a clock struck, and away went the shoes over the pool, the hill, the road, till they pranced in at the gate as the tea-bell rang.
Kitty amused the family by telling what she had done and seen; but no one believed the Fairyland part, and her father said, laughing, 
"Go on, my dear, making up little stories, and by and by you may be as famous as Hans Christian Andersen, whose books you like so well."
"The sun will soon set, and then my fun will be over; so I must skip while I can," thought Kitty, and went waltzing round the lawn so prettily that all the family came to see her.
"She dances so well that she shall go to dancing-school," said her mother, pleased with the pretty antics of her little girl.
Kitty was delighted to hear that; for she had longed to go, and went on skipping as hard as she could, that she might learn some of the graceful steps the shoes took before the day was done.
"Come, dear, stop now, and run up to your bath and bed.
It has been a long hot day, and you are tired; so get to sleep early, for Nursey wants to go out," said her mother, as the sun went down behind the hills with a last bright glimmer, like the wink of a great sleepy eye.
"Oh, please, a few minutes more," began Kitty, but was off like a flash; for the shoes trotted her upstairs so fast that she ran against old Nursey, and down she went, splashing the water all over the floor, and scolding in such a funny way that it made Kitty laugh so that she could hardly pick her up again.

Sara stood still just a moment, looking at her.
In her young soul, she was thinking deep and strange things.
Then she turned to leave the room.
"Stop!"
said Miss Minchin.
"Don't you intend to thank me?"
Sara paused, and all the deep, strange thoughts surged up in her breast.
"What for?"
she said.
"For my kindness to you," replied Miss Minchin.
"For my kindness in giving you a home."
Sara made two or three steps toward her.

With her yarn hair dangling before her eyes, the Patchwork Girl danced to the front of the gathering.
"The trouble with you people," she asserted, "is that you don't know how to add two and two and get four."
"What do you mean by that, Scraps?"
asked the Scarecrow.
"Just this," retorted the stuffed girl, saucily making a face at the Scarecrow.
"What did we overhear Dorothy and the Wizard discussing today in the garden?
Magic!
They were talking about a magic spell which they hoped to find before Ozma and Glinda returned.
All right.
Now where did Dorothy and the Wizard spend most of the day and where have they fled just now to lock themselves in?
To Ozma's Chamber of Magic!"
The Patchwork Girl concluded triumphantly, "Mark my words there's magic behind all this, and the secret is hidden in Ozma's Chamber of Magic."

A white-winged gull flew by, with the flash of sunshine on its silvery breast.
Beth watched it till it vanished, and her eyes were full of sadness.
A little gray-coated sand bird came tripping over the beach 'peeping' softly to itself, as if enjoying the sun and sea.
It came quite close to Beth, and looked at her with a friendly eye and sat upon a warm stone, dressing its wet feathers, quite at home.
Beth smiled and felt comforted, for the tiny thing seemed to offer its small friendship and remind her that a pleasant world was still to be enjoyed.
"Dear little bird!
See, Jo, how tame it is.
I like peeps better than the gulls.
They are not so wild and handsome, but they seem happy, confiding little things.
I used to call them my birds last summer, and Mother said they reminded her of me busy, quaker-colored creatures, always near the shore, and always chirping that contented little song of theirs.
You are the gull, Jo, strong and wild, fond of the storm and the wind, flying far out to sea, and happy all alone.
Meg is the turtledove, and Amy is like the lark she writes about, trying to get up among the clouds, but always dropping down into its nest again.

But, in my private opinion, old Philemon's eyesight had been playing him tricks again.
Before he could ask any questions, the elder stranger drew his attention from the wonderful staff, by speaking to him.
"Was there not," asked the stranger, in a remarkably deep tone of voice, "a lake, in very ancient times, covering the spot where now stands yonder village?"
"Not in my day, friend," answered Philemon; "and yet I am an old man, as you see.
There were always the fields and meadows, just as they are now, and the old trees, and the little stream murmuring through the midst of the valley.
My father, nor his father before him, ever saw it otherwise, so far as I know; and doubtless it will still be the same, when old Philemon shall be gone and forgotten!"
"That is more than can be safely foretold," observed the stranger; and there was something very stern in his deep voice.
He shook his head, too, so that his dark and heavy curls were shaken with the movement.
"Since the inhabitants of yonder village have forgotten the affections and sympathies of their nature, it were better that the lake should be rippling over their dwellings again!"
The traveler looked so stern that Philemon was really almost frightened; the more so, that, at his frown, the twilight seemed suddenly to grow darker, and that, when he shook his head, there was a roll as of thunder in the air.
But, in a moment afterwards, the stranger's face became so kindly and mild that the old man quite forgot his terror.
Nevertheless, he could not help feeling that this elder traveler must be no ordinary personage, although he happened now to be attired so humbly and to be journeying on foot.

You know, my child, we cannot begin too young to learn to think of the happiness of others rather than our own.
I should not like my dear little niece to be selfish, or to wish to deny a trivial pleasure to a poor, sick dragon, far from his home and friends."
The Princess said she would try not to be selfish.
Presently the cab drew up near the pillar, and there was the dragon, his ugly purple head shining in the sun, and his ugly purple mouth half open.
Uncle James said: "Good morning, sir.
We have brought you a small present for your birthday.
We do not like to let such an anniversary go by without some suitable testimonial, especially to one who is a stranger in our midst.
Our means are small, but our hearts are large.
We have but one Princess, but we give her freely do we not, my child?"
The Princess said she supposed so, and the dragon came a little nearer.
Suddenly a voice cried: "Run!"
and there was Tom, and he had brought the Zoological guinea pig and a pair of Belgian hares with him.

At the Kings' she daily saw all she wanted, for the children's older sisters were just out, and Meg caught frequent glimpses of dainty ball dresses and bouquets, heard lively gossip about theaters, concerts, sleighing parties, and merrymakings of all kinds, and saw money lavished on trifles which would have been so precious to her.
Poor Meg seldom complained, but a sense of injustice made her feel bitter toward everyone sometimes, for she had not yet learned to know how rich she was in the blessings which alone can make life happy.
Jo happened to suit Aunt March, who was lame and needed an active person to wait upon her.
The childless old lady had offered to adopt one of the girls when the troubles came, and was much offended because her offer was declined.
Other friends told the Marches that they had lost all chance of being remembered in the rich old lady's will, but the unworldly Marches only said...
"We can't give up our girls for a dozen fortunes.
Rich or poor, we will keep together and be happy in one another."
The old lady wouldn't speak to them for a time, but happening to meet Jo at a friend's, something in her comical face and blunt manners struck the old lady's fancy, and she proposed to take her for a companion.
This did not suit Jo at all, but she accepted the place since nothing better appeared and, to every one's surprise, got on remarkably well with her irascible relative.
There was an occasional tempest, and once Jo marched home, declaring she couldn't bear it longer, but Aunt March always cleared up quickly, and sent for her to come back again with such urgency that she could not refuse, for in her heart she rather liked the peppery old lady.
I suspect that the real attraction was a large library of fine books, which was left to dust and spiders since Uncle March died.
Jo remembered the kind old gentleman, who used to let her build railroads and bridges with his big dictionaries, tell her stories about queer pictures in his Latin books, and buy her cards of gingerbread whenever he met her in the street.
The dim, dusty room, with the busts staring down from the tall bookcases, the cozy chairs, the globes, and best of all, the wilderness of books in which she could wander where she liked, made the library a region of bliss to her.

They are not very wearing, so they'll keep."
and Jo stitched away, with a wise nod which set her mother's heart at rest about her for the present at least.
While apparently absorbed in her own affairs, Jo watched Beth, and after many conflicting conjectures, finally settled upon one which seemed to explain the change in her.
A slight incident gave Jo the clue to the mystery, she thought, and lively fancy, loving heart did the rest.
She was affecting to write busily one Saturday afternoon, when she and Beth were alone together.
Yet as she scribbled, she kept her eye on her sister, who seemed unusually quiet.
Sitting at the window, Beth's work often dropped into her lap, and she leaned her head upon her hand, in a dejected attitude, while her eyes rested on the dull, autumnal landscape.
Suddenly some one passed below, whistling like an operatic blackbird, and a voice called out, "All serene!
Coming in tonight."
Beth started, leaned forward, smiled and nodded, watched the passer-by till his quick tramp died away, then said softly as if to herself, "How strong and well and happy that dear boy looks."
"Hum!"
said Jo, still intent upon her sister's face, for the bright color faded as quickly as it came, the smile vanished, and presently a tear lay shining on the window ledge.

Hardly had Oliver advanced a few yards before Sikes called out, "Back!
back!"
Startled, the boy dropped the lantern, uncertain whether to advance or fly.
The cry was repeated a light appeared a vision of two terrified, half-dressed men at the top of the stairs swam before his eyes a flash a loud noise and he staggered back.
Sikes got him out of the window before the smoke cleared away, and fired his pistol after the men, who were already in retreat.
"Clasp your arm tighter," said Sikes.
"Give me a shawl here.
They've hit him.
Quick!
The boy is bleeding."
Then came the loud ringing of a bell, and the shouts of men, and the sensation of being carried over uneven ground at a rapid pace.
And then the noises grew confused in the distance, and Oliver saw and heard no more.

She would swim much nearer the shore than any of the others had ventured, and once she went up the narrow channel under the marble balcony, which threw a broad shadow on the water.
Here she sat and watched the young prince, who thought himself alone in the bright moonlight.
She often saw him evenings, sailing in a beautiful boat on which music sounded and flags waved.
She peeped out from among the green rushes, and if the wind caught her long silvery-white veil, those who saw it believed it to be a swan, spreading out its wings.
Many a night, too, when the fishermen set their nets by the light of their torches, she heard them relate many good things about the young prince.
And this made her glad that she had saved his life when he was tossed about half dead on the waves.
She remembered how his head had rested on her bosom and how heartily she had kissed him, but he knew nothing of all this and could not even dream of her.
She grew more and more to like human beings and wished more and more to be able to wander about with those whose world seemed to be so much larger than her own.
They could fly over the sea in ships and mount the high hills which were far above the clouds; and the lands they possessed, their woods and their fields, stretched far away beyond the reach of her sight.
There was so much that she wished to know!
but her sisters were unable to answer all her questions.
She then went to her old grandmother, who knew all about the upper world, which she rightly called "the lands above the sea."

We never found another bear in her den that year.
Such was the way Mr. R. J. Flaherty missed the only scene from “Nanook of the North”.
“Alex is a doggoned fool.” ...
The speaker, a middle-aged Yankee trapper, spat thoughtfully on the red hot stove, then gazed inquiringly at his audience.
We were four, in a log cabin on the banks of the Churchill River.
It was night—late in the fall—and already cold.
Inside, the atmosphere was oppressive, reeking with tobacco smoke, sweat, fish scales, and grease.
Outside, the wind blew in great, uneven gusts and the shack creaked like the timbers of a labouring ship at sea.
I finally inquired why Alex was a fool, and promptly heard the following story:
“One evening last June, Alex blew in with a couple of Chippewayan Indians.
He had a load of fur in his canoe and was hurrying to the line to sell it and get drunk.
Alex wanted me to lend him a shirt.
He was as lousy as a pet coon, and said he didn’t have time to wash his shirt.

"And are we," asked Effie "deliverers, I mean?"
"You'll see," said her brother, and on they went.
When they came to St. George's Church they found the door open, and they walked right in but St. George was not there, so they walked around the churchyard outside, and presently they found the great stone tomb of St.
George, with the figure of him carved in marble outside, in his armor and helmet, and with his hands folded on his breast.
"How ever can we wake him?"
they said.
Then Harry spoke to St.
George but he would not answer; and he called, but St. George did not seem to hear; and then he actually tried to waken the great dragon-slayer by shaking his marble shoulders.
But St. George took no notice.
Then Effie began to cry, and she put her arms around St. George's neck as well as she could for the marble, which was very much in the way at the back, and she kissed the marble face, and she said: "Oh, dear, good, kind St. George, please wake up and help us."
And at that St. George opened his eyes sleepily, and stretched himself and said: "What's the matter, little girl?"
So the children told him all about it; he turned over in his marble and leaned on one elbow to listen.
But when he heard that there were so many dragons he shook his head.
"It's no good," he said, "they would be one too many for poor old George.

What wages shall I receive?” “Thou shalt hear what wages thou shalt have.
Every year three hundred and sixty-five days, and when it is leap-year, one more into the bargain.
Does that suit thee?” “All right,” replied the tailor, and thought, in his own mind, “a man must cut his coat according to his cloth; I will try to get away as fast as I can.” On this the giant said to him, “Go, little ragamuffin, and fetch me a jug of water.” “Had I not better bring the well itself at once, and the spring too?” asked the boaster, and went with the pitcher to the water.
“What!
the well and the spring too,” growled the giant in his beard, for he was rather clownish and stupid, and began to be afraid.
“That knave is not a fool, he has a wizard in his body.
Be on thy guard, old Hans, this is no serving-man for thee.” When the tailor had brought the water, the giant bade him go into the forest, and cut a couple of blocks of wood and bring them back.
“Why not the whole forest, at once, with one stroke.
The whole forest, young and old, with all that is there, both rough and smooth?” asked the little tailor, and went to cut the wood.
“What!
the whole forest, young and old, with all that is there, both rough and smooth, and the well and its spring too,”
growled the credulous giant in his beard, and was still more terrified.
“The knave can do much more than bake apples, and has a wizard in his body.

“I didn't do it, friends,” he sobbed; “'pon my word and honor I never done it.”
“Who's accused you?” shouted a voice.
This shot seemed to carry home.
Potter lifted his face and looked around him with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes.
He saw Injun Joe, and exclaimed:
“Oh, Injun Joe, you promised me you'd never ”
“Is that your knife?” and it was thrust before him by the Sheriff.
Potter would have fallen if they had not caught him and eased him to the ground.
Then he said:
“Something told me 't if I didn't come back and get ” He shuddered; then waved his nerveless hand with a vanquished gesture and said, “Tell 'em, Joe, tell 'em it ain't any use any more.”
Then Huckleberry and Tom stood dumb and staring, and heard the stony-hearted liar reel off his serene statement, they expecting every moment that the clear sky would deliver God's lightnings upon his head, and wondering to see how long the stroke was delayed.
And when he had finished and still stood alive and whole, their wavering impulse to break their oath and save the poor betrayed prisoner's life faded and vanished away, for plainly this miscreant had sold himself to Satan and it would be fatal to meddle with the property of such a power as that.
“Why didn't you leave?
What did you want to come here for?” somebody said.
“I couldn't help it I couldn't help it,” Potter moaned.
“I wanted to run away, but I couldn't seem to come anywhere but here.” And he fell to sobbing again.
Injun Joe repeated his statement, just as calmly, a few minutes afterward on the inquest, under oath; and the boys, seeing that the lightnings were still withheld, were confirmed in their belief that Joe had sold himself to the devil.

"It's perfectly confusing.
I can't hardly tell what they had now."
"Well, they mixed them up just in the same way, and I suppose that's one of the reasons why it happened."
Whenever a child wanted to go back from dumpling and frosted cake to   mashed potato and Hubbard squash they were old-fashioned kind of   people, and they had everything on the table at once, because the   grandmother and the aunties cooked it, and they couldn't keep jumping   up all the time to change the plates and its mother said it   shouldn't, its grandmother said, Indeed it should, then, and helped it   herself; and the child's father would say, Well, he guessed he would   go back, too, for a change; and the child's mother would say, She   should think he would be ashamed; and then they would get to going   back, till everything was perfectly higgledy-piggledy.
"Oh, shouldn't you like to have been there, papa?"
sighed the little girl.
"You mustn't interrupt.
Where was I?"
"Higgledy-piggledy."
"Oh yes!"
Well, but the greatest thing of all was the turkey that they had.
It   was a gobbler, I tell you, that was nearly as big as a giraffe.

Epimetheus, too, though still in the corner, had turned half round, and seemed to be in rather better spirits than before.
"My dear Epimetheus," cried Pandora, "have you heard this little voice?"
"Yes, to be sure I have," answered he, but in no very good humor as yet.
"And what of it?"
"Shall I lift the lid again?"
asked Pandora.
"Just as you please," said Epimetheus.
"You have done so much mischief already, that perhaps you may as well do a little more.
One other Trouble, in such a swarm as you have set adrift about the world, can make no very great difference."
"You might speak a little more kindly!"
murmured Pandora, wiping her eyes.
"Ah, naughty boy!"

It is, therefore, plain to my mind, that Cilix secretly blamed himself for giving up the search for Europa, as long as he was able to put one foot before the other.
As for Telephassa, and Cadmus, and the good Thasus, it grieves me to think of them, still keeping up that weary pilgrimage.
The two young men did their best for the poor queen, helping her over the rough places, often carrying her across rivulets in their faithful arms and seeking to shelter her at nightfall, even when they themselves lay on the ground.
Sad, sad it was to hear them asking of every passer-by if he had seen Europa, so long after the white bull had carried her away.
But, though the gray years thrust themselves between, and made the child's figure dim in their remembrance, neither of these true-hearted three ever dreamed of giving up the search.
One morning, however, poor Thasus found that he had sprained his ankle, and could not possibly go a step farther.
"After a few days, to be sure," said he, mournfully, "I might make shift to hobble along with a stick.
But that would only delay you, and perhaps hinder you from finding dear little Europa, after all your pains and trouble.
Do you go forward, therefore, my beloved companions, and leave me to follow as I may."
"Thou hast been a true friend, dear Thasus," said Queen Telephassa, kissing his forehead.
"Being neither my son, nor the brother of our lost Europa, thou hast shown thyself truer to me and her than Phoenix and Cilix did, whom we have left behind us.
Without thy loving help, and that of my son Cadmus, my limbs could not have borne me half so far as this.

Now tell me who you are and whence you come?"
Then Sringa-Bhuja told the maiden all about himself, and why he was wandering so far from home.
The girl, whose name was Rupa-Sikha, listened very attentively; and when he came to the shooting of the crane, and how he had followed the bleeding bird in the hope of getting back his father's jewelled arrow, she began to tremble.
"Alas, alas!"
she said.
"The bird you shot was my father, who can take any form he chooses.
He returned home but yesterday, and I drew the arrow from his wound and dressed the hurt myself.
He gave me the jewelled arrow to keep, and I will never part with it.
As for you, the sooner you depart the better; for my father never forgives, and he is so powerful that you would have no chance of escape if he knew you were here."
Hearing this, Sringa-Bhuja became very sad, not because he was afraid of Agni-Sikha, but because he knew that he already loved the fair maiden who stood beside him, and was resolved to make her his wife.
She too felt drawn towards him and did not like to think of his going away.
Besides this, she had much to fear from her father, who was as cruel as he was mighty, and had caused the death already of many lovers who had wished to marry her.

"Where is, then, the mother Malcho?"
"In the stable, milking the cow."
"Good day, mother Malcho.
How do you do?"
"Very well, I thank you, Pif-paf Poltrie."
"May I marry your daughter?"
"Oh, yes!
if the father Hollenthe, the brother Hohenstolz, the sister Kâsetraut, and the fair Catherine are willing, it may be so."
"Where is, then, the brother Hohenstolz?"
"In the yard, chopping up the wood."
"Good day, brother Hohenstolz.
How are you?"

Have you ever seen that picture, "The Soul's Awakening"?
It represents a flapper of sorts gazing in a startled sort of way into the middle distance with a look in her eyes that seems to say, "Surely that is George's step I hear on the mat!
Can this be love?"
Well, Bobbie had a soul's awakening too.
I don't suppose he had ever troubled to think in his life before not really think.
But now he was wearing his brain to the bone.
It was painful in a way, of course, to see a fellow human being so thoroughly in the soup, but I felt strongly that it was all for the best.
I could see as plainly as possible that all these brainstorms were improving Bobbie out of knowledge.
When it was all over he might possibly become a rotter again of a sort, but it would only be a pale reflection of the rotter he had been.
It bore out the idea I had always had that what he needed was a real good jolt.
I saw a great deal of him these days.
I was his best friend, and he came to me for sympathy.

Perhaps they forgot to tell you."
But her eyes twinkled as she spoke, and all the Workers smiled, and for some reason the Drones did not know what to say.
THE STORY OF THE COW BIRD'S EGG 
On the edge of the forest next to the meadow, a pair of young Goldfinches were about to begin housekeeping.
They were a handsome couple, and the birds who were already nesting near by were much pleased to see them tree-hunting there.
Mr. Goldfinch was a fine, cheerful little fellow, every feather of whose black and yellow coat was always well oiled and lying in its proper place.
His wife was dressed in a dull, greenish brown with a touch of yellow on her breast.
"Bright yellow and black does very well for Mr.
Goldfinch," she would say, "but for one who has to sit on the nest as long as I shall have to, it would never do.
People would see me among the leaves and know just where to find my eggs."
Mr. Goldfinch thought that there was never a bird who had a prettier, dearer, or harder-working little wife than he, and he would wonder how he was ever happy before he knew her.
That is a way that people have of forgetting the days that are past; and the truth is that Mr. Goldfinch had made fun of the Robins and other birds all spring, because they had to build nests and hunt worms for their babies, while he had nothing to do but sing and sleep and feed himself.
In those days the Robins used to call after him as he flew away, "Silly fellow!
Silly fellow!

She'll have ice-cream!
She has it most every day dead loads of it.
And she'll be awful glad to have us.”
“Oh, that will be fun!”
Then Becky reflected a moment and said:
“But what will mamma say?”
“How'll she ever know?”
The girl turned the idea over in her mind, and said reluctantly:
“I reckon it's wrong but ”
“But shucks!
Your mother won't know, and so what's the harm?
All she wants is that you'll be safe; and I bet you she'd 'a' said go there if she'd 'a' thought of it.
I know she would!”
The Widow Douglas' splendid hospitality was a tempting bait.
It and Tom's persuasions presently carried the day.
So it was decided to say nothing to anybody about the night's programme.
Presently it occurred to Tom that maybe Huck might come this very night and give the signal.
The thought took a deal of the spirit out of his anticipations.
Still he could not bear to give up the fun at Widow Douglas'.
And why should he give it up, he reasoned the signal did not come the night before, so why should it be any more likely to come tonight?

"It isn't a mere invitation," he said.
"There's no come-right-along-you'll-like-this-place-it's-fine about it.
He seems to look on your company more as a necessity than a luxury.
It's a sort of imperious C.Q.D."
"That's what makes it so strange.
We have hardly met for years.
Why, he didn't even know where I was.
The cable was sent to the bank and forwarded on.
And I don't know where he is!"
"Which brings us back," said Marvin, "to mysterious Mervo.
Let us reason inductively.
If you get to the place by taking a boat from Marseilles, it can't be far from the French coast.

It was very remarkable, indeed, how familiar the old couple insensibly grew with the elder traveler, and how their good and simple spirits melted into his, even as two drops of water would melt into the illimitable ocean.
And as for Quicksilver, with his keen, quick, laughing wits, he appeared to discover every little thought that but peeped into their minds, before they suspected it themselves.
They sometimes wished, it is true, that he had not been quite so quick-witted, and also that he would fling away his staff, which looked so mysteriously mischievous, with the snakes always writhing about it.
But then, again, Quicksilver showed himself so very good-humored, that they would have been rejoiced to keep him in their cottage, staff, snakes, and all, every day, and the whole day long.
"Ah me!
Well-a-day!"
exclaimed Philemon, when they had walked a little way from their door.
"If our neighbors only knew what a blessed thing it is to show hospitality to strangers, they would tie up all their dogs, and never allow their children to fling another stone."
"It is a sin and shame for them to behave so, that it is!"
cried good old Baucis, vehemently.
"And I mean to go this very day, and tell some of them what naughty people they are!"
"I fear," remarked Quicksilver, slyly smiling, "that you will find none of them at home."

If these flowers were as golden as they look, they would be worth the plucking!"
And yet, in his earlier days, before he was so entirely possessed of this insane desire for riches, King Midas had shown a great taste for flowers.
He had planted a garden, in which grew the biggest and beautifullest and sweetest roses that any mortal ever saw or smelt.
These roses were still growing in the garden, as large, as lovely, and as fragrant, as when Midas used to pass whole hours in gazing at them, and inhaling their perfume.
But now, if he looked at them at all, it was only to calculate how much the garden would be worth if each of the innumerable rose-petals were a thin plate of gold.
And though he once was fond of music (in spite of an idle story about his ears, which were said to resemble those of an ass), the only music for poor Midas, now, was the chink of one coin against another.
At length (as people always grow more and more foolish, unless they take care to grow wiser and wiser), Midas had got to be so exceedingly unreasonable, that he could scarcely bear to see or touch any object that was not gold.
He made it his custom, therefore, to pass a large portion of every day in a dark and dreary apartment, under ground, at the basement of his palace.
It was here that he kept his wealth.
To this dismal hole for it was little better than a dungeon Midas betook himself, whenever he wanted to be particularly happy.
Here, after carefully locking the door, he would take a bag of gold coin, or a gold cup as big as a washbowl, or a heavy golden bar, or a peck-measure of gold-dust, and bring them from the obscure corners of the room into the one bright and narrow sunbeam that fell from the dungeon-like window.
He valued the sunbeam for no other reason but that his treasure would not shine without its help.

"Are you just out?
There are a lot of Cecropias coming out to-day."
Miss Cecropia felt quite agitated when she heard this, and wondered if she looked all right.
Her friend flew over to her just as she raised her wings for flight.
"Let me go with you," he said.
While she was wondering how she could answer him, several other Cecropias came along.
They were all more brightly colered than she.
"Hullo!"
cried one of them, as he alighted beside her.
"First-rate night, isn't it?"
He was a handsome fellow, and his feelers were perfect; but Miss Cecropia did not like his ways, and she drew away from him just as her friend knocked him off the branch.
While they were fighting, another of the strangers flew to her.

"We've found such a queer bird, sir," said the biggest little Rabbit, without waiting to find out what a "commotion" was.
"Just see him tumble around!"
"Bird?
That is no bird," said a Woodpecker.
"Look at his ears and his nose.
He hasn't even a bill."
"Well, he flies," said the biggest little Rabbit, "because I saw him, so he must be a bird."
"Humph!"
said a Chipmunk.
"So does my cousin, the Flying Squirrel, in a way, yet he is no more bird than I am."
"And this fellow hasn't a feather to his skin!"
cried an Oriole.

Why don't you do it?
It's because you're afraid.”
“I ain't afraid.”
“You are.”
“I ain't.”
“You are.”
Another pause, and more eying and sidling around each other.
Presently they were shoulder to shoulder.
Tom said:
“Get away from here!”
“Go away yourself!”
“I won't.”
“I won't either.”
So they stood, each with a foot placed at an angle as a brace, and both shoving with might and main, and glowering at each other with hate.
But neither could get an advantage.
After struggling till both were hot and flushed, each relaxed his strain with watchful caution, and Tom said:
“You're a coward and a pup.
I'll tell my big brother on you, and he can thrash you with his little finger, and I'll make him do it, too.”
“What do I care for your big brother?
I've got a brother that's bigger than he is and what's more, he can throw him over that fence, too.”
 [Both brothers were imaginary.]
“That's a lie.”
“Your saying so don't make it so.”
Tom drew a line in the dust with his big toe, and said:
“I dare you to step over that, and I'll lick you till you can't stand up.
Anybody that'll take a dare will steal sheep.”
The new boy stepped over promptly, and said:
“Now you said you'd do it, now let's see you do it.”
“Don't you crowd me now; you better look out.”
“Well, you said you'd do it why don't you do it?”
“By jingo!
for two cents I will do it.”
The new boy took two broad coppers out of his pocket and held them out with derision.
Tom struck them to the ground.

who is it?"
cried the lime-burner, vexed at his son's timidity, yet half infected by it.
"Come forward, and show yourself, like a man, or I'll fling this chunk of marble at your head!"
"You offer me a rough welcome," said a gloomy voice, as the unknown man drew nigh.
"Yet I neither claim nor desire a kinder one, even at my own fireside."
To obtain a distincter view, Bartram threw open the iron door of the kiln, whence immediately issued a gush of fierce light, that smote full upon the stranger's face and figure.
To a careless eye there appeared nothing very remarkable in his aspect, which was that of a man in a coarse brown, country-made suit of clothes, tall and thin, with the staff and heavy shoes of a wayfarer.
As he advanced, he fixed his eyes which were very bright intently upon the brightness of the furnace, as if he beheld, or expected to behold, some object worthy of note within it.
"Good evening, stranger," said the lime-burner; "whence come you, so late in the day?"
"I come from my search," answered the wayfarer; "for, at last, it is finished."
"Drunk!
or crazy!"

It would be a glorious joke.
Let's do it, Jo.
We'll leave a letter saying we are all right, and trot off at once.
I've got money enough.
It will do you good, and no harm, as you go to your father."
For a moment Jo looked as if she would agree, for wild as the plan was, it just suited her.
She was tired of care and confinement, longed for change, and thoughts of her father blended temptingly with the novel charms of camps and hospitals, liberty and fun.
Her eyes kindled as they turned wistfully toward the window, but they fell on the old house opposite, and she shook her head with sorrowful decision.
"If I was a boy, we'd run away together, and have a capital time, but as I'm a miserable girl, I must be proper and stop at home.
Don't tempt me, Teddy, it's a crazy plan."
"That's the fun of it," began Laurie, who had got a willful fit on him and was possessed to break out of bounds in some way.
"Hold your tongue!"

"It'll be fun and everybody will respect us more.
Champe won't throw rocks at us in recess-time, after we've called on her.
She couldn't."
"Called!"
grunted Ross.
"I couldn't make a call any more than a cow.
What'd I say?
What'd I do?
I can behave all right when you just go to people's houses but a call!"
Abner hesitated.
Should he give away his brilliant inside information, drawn from the Hints and Helps book, and be rivalled in the glory of his manners and bearing?
Why should he not pass on alone, perfectly composed, and reap the field of glory unsupported?

After some mental debating of the point, he came to the conclusion that it would be as well to get all the preliminaries done with, and they could then arrange at their leisure whether he should give her his hand a week or two before Michaelmas Term, or in the little Christmas vacation between it and Hilary.
As to the strength of his case, he had not a doubt about it, but clearly saw his way to the verdict.
Argued with the jury on substantial worldly grounds the only grounds ever worth taking into account it was a plain case, and had not a weak spot in it.
He called himself for the plaintiff, there was no getting over his evidence, the counsel for the defendant threw up his brief, and the jury did not even turn to consider.
After trying it, Stryver, C. J., was satisfied that no plainer case could be.
Accordingly, Mr. Stryver inaugurated the Long Vacation with a formal proposal to take Miss Manette to Vauxhall Gardens; that failing, to Ranelagh; that unaccountably failing too, it behoved him to present himself in Soho, and there declare his noble mind.
Towards Soho, therefore, Mr. Stryver shouldered his way from the Temple, while the bloom of the Long Vacation's infancy was still upon it.
Anybody who had seen him projecting himself into Soho while he was yet on Saint Dunstan's side of Temple Bar, bursting in his full-blown way along the pavement, to the jostlement of all weaker people, might have seen how safe and strong he was.
His way taking him past Tellson's, and he both banking at Tellson's and knowing Mr. Lorry as the intimate friend of the Manettes, it entered Mr.
Stryver's mind to enter the bank, and reveal to Mr. Lorry the brightness of the Soho horizon.
So, he pushed open the door with the weak rattle in its throat, stumbled down the two steps, got past the two ancient cashiers, and shouldered himself into the musty back closet where Mr.
Lorry sat at great books ruled for figures, with perpendicular iron bars to his window as if that were ruled for figures too, and everything under the clouds were a sum.
“Halloa!” said Mr. Stryver.
“How do you do?

"Heaven be praised," exclaimed the vizier's son, "who has preserved me from death at this time!"
On the return of the prince that evening the vizier's son was very reticent and depressed.
The prince noticed this change in him, and asked what was the reason.
"Is it because I am away so much at the palace?"
The vizier's son saw that the prince had nothing to do with the sending of the pilaw, and therefore told him everything.
"Look here," he said, "in this handkerchief is some pilaw that the princess sent me this morning in the name of her deceased uncle.
It is saturated with poison.
Thank Heaven, I discovered it in time!"
"Oh, brother!
who could have done this thing?
Who is there that entertains enmity against you?"
"The Princess Gulizar.

Let us follow it out to the bitter end.
Faces to the south, then, and quick march!”
We passed across Holborn, down Endell Street, and so through a zigzag of slums to Covent Garden Market.
One of the largest stalls bore the name of Breckinridge upon it, and the proprietor a horsey-looking man, with a sharp face and trim side-whiskers was helping a boy to put up the shutters.
“Good-evening.
It’s a cold night,” said Holmes.
The salesman nodded and shot a questioning glance at my companion.
“Sold out of geese, I see,” continued Holmes, pointing at the bare slabs of marble.
“Let you have five hundred to-morrow morning.”
“That’s no good.”
“Well, there are some on the stall with the gas-flare.”
“Ah, but I was recommended to you.”
“Who by?”
“The landlord of the Alpha.”
“Oh, yes; I sent him a couple of dozen.”
“Fine birds they were, too.
Now where did you get them from?”
To my surprise the question provoked a burst of anger from the salesman.
“Now, then, mister,” said he, with his head cocked and his arms akimbo, “what are you driving at?
Let’s have it straight, now.”
“It is straight enough.
I should like to know who sold you the geese which you supplied to the Alpha.”
“Well then, I shan’t tell you.

Yes, the long calm was departing.
A low advancing hum was soon heard; and then like to the tumultuous masses of block-ice when the great river Hudson breaks up in Spring, the entire host of whales came tumbling upon their inner centre, as if to pile themselves up in one common mountain.
Instantly Starbuck and Queequeg changed places; Starbuck taking the stern.
“Oars!
Oars!” he intensely whispered, seizing the helm—“gripe your oars, and clutch your souls, now!
My God, men, stand by!
Shove him off, you Queequeg—the whale there!—prick him!—hit him!
Stand up—stand up, and stay so!
Spring, men—pull, men; never mind their backs—scrape them!—scrape away!”
The boat was now all but jammed between two vast black bulks, leaving a narrow Dardanelles between their long lengths.
But by desperate endeavor we at last shot into a temporary opening; then giving way rapidly, and at the same time earnestly watching for another outlet.
After many similar hair-breadth escapes, we at last swiftly glided into what had just been one of the outer circles, but now crossed by random whales, all violently making for one centre.
This lucky salvation was cheaply purchased by the loss of Queequeg’s hat, who, while standing in the bows to prick the fugitive whales, had his hat taken clean from his head by the air-eddy made by the sudden tossing of a pair of broad flukes close by.

To whom did he appear to repeat her faltering words, when, raising his voice and turning his head towards the door of the room from which he had issued, he said: “Removed to the Conciergerie, and summoned for to-morrow?”
VI.
Triumph 
The dread tribunal of five Judges, Public Prosecutor, and determined Jury, sat every day.
Their lists went forth every evening, and were read out by the gaolers of the various prisons to their prisoners.
The standard gaoler-joke was, “Come out and listen to the Evening Paper, you inside there!”
“Charles Evremonde, called Darnay!”
So at last began the Evening Paper at La Force.
When a name was called, its owner stepped apart into a spot reserved for those who were announced as being thus fatally recorded.
Charles Evremonde, called Darnay, had reason to know the usage; he had seen hundreds pass away so.
His bloated gaoler, who wore spectacles to read with, glanced over them to assure himself that he had taken his place, and went through the list, making a similar short pause at each name.
There were twenty-three names, but only twenty were responded to; for one of the prisoners so summoned had died in gaol and been forgotten, and two had already been guillotined and forgotten.
The list was read, in the vaulted chamber where Darnay had seen the associated prisoners on the night of his arrival.
Every one of those had perished in the massacre; every human creature he had since cared for and parted with, had died on the scaffold.
There were hurried words of farewell and kindness, but the parting was soon over.
It was the incident of every day, and the society of La Force were engaged in the preparation of some games of forfeits and a little concert, for that evening.

Then the frog threw off her frogskin and turned into a beautiful, sweet girl, Vassilissa by name.
She now stepped out on the porch and called aloud:
"Nurses and waitresses, come to me at once and prepare a loaf of white bread for to-morrow morning, a loaf exactly like those I used to eat in my royal father's palace."
In the morning Tsarevitch Ivan awoke with the crowing cocks, and you know the cocks and chickens are never late.
Yet the loaf was already made, and so fine it was that nobody could even describe it, for only in fairyland one finds such marvelous loaves.
It was adorned all about with pretty figures, with towns and fortresses on each side, and within it was white as snow and light as a feather.
The Tsar father was pleased and the Tsarevitch received his special thanks.
"Now there is another task," said the Tsar smilingly.
"Have each of your wives weave a rug by to-morrow."
Tsarevitch Ivan came back to his home.
There was no smile on his face and his brow was clouded.
"C-R-O-A-K!
C-R-O-A-K!

II 
GEPPETTO PLANS A WONDERFUL PUPPET 
At that moment some one knocked at the door.
"Come in," said the carpenter, without having the strength to rise to his feet.
A lively little old man immediately walked into the shop.
His name was Geppetto, but when the boys in the neighborhood wished to put him in a passion they called him by the nickname of Polendina, because his yellow wig greatly resembled a pudding made of Indian corn.
Geppetto was very fiery.
Woe to him who called him Polendina!
He became furious, and there was no holding him.
"Good day, Master Antonio," said Geppetto; "what are you doing there on the floor?"
"I am teaching the alphabet to the ants."
"Much good may that do you."
"What has brought you to me, neighbor Geppetto?"
"My legs.

He knelt down by the hole and broke the pot from the mould.
“Here, lad,” he said, handing the plant to Colin.
“Set it in the earth thysel’ same as th’ king does when he goes to a new place.”
The thin white hands shook a little and Colin’s flush grew deeper as he set the rose in the mould and held it while old Ben made firm the earth.
It was filled in and pressed down and made steady.
Mary was leaning forward on her hands and knees.
Soot had flown down and marched forward to see what was being done.
Nut and Shell chattered about it from a cherry-tree.
“It’s planted!” said Colin at last.
“And the sun is only slipping over the edge.
Help me up, Dickon.
I want to be standing when it goes.
That’s part of the Magic.”
And Dickon helped him, and the Magic—or whatever it was—so gave him strength that when the sun did slip over the edge and end the strange lovely afternoon for them there he actually stood on his two feet—laughing.

Daisy found it impossible to keep her eyes off her 'pitty aunty', but attached herself like a lap dog to the wonderful chatelaine full of delightful charms.
Demi paused to consider the new relationship before he compromised himself by the rash acceptance of a bribe, which took the tempting form of a family of wooden bears from Berne.
A flank movement produced an unconditional surrender, however, for Laurie knew where to have him.
"Young man, when I first had the honor of making your acquaintance you hit me in the face.
Now I demand the satisfaction of a gentleman," and with that the tall uncle proceeded to toss and tousle the small nephew in a way that damaged his philosophical dignity as much as it delighted his boyish soul.
"Blest if she ain't in silk from head to foot; ain't it a relishin'
sight to see her settin' there as fine as a fiddle, and hear folks calling little Amy 'Mis.
Laurence!'"
muttered old Hannah, who could not resist frequent "peeks" through the slide as she set the table in a most decidedly promiscuous manner.
Mercy on us, how they did talk!
first one, then the other, then all burst out together trying to tell the history of three years in half an hour.
It was fortunate that tea was at hand, to produce a lull and provide refreshment for they would have been hoarse and faint if they had gone on much longer.
Such a happy procession as filed away into the little dining room!

Here, trink dis, like a good veller, and don't gry now don't!"
Hereupon the Angel of the Odd replenished my goblet (which was about a third full of port) with a colorless fluid that he poured from one of his hand-bottles.
I observed that these bottles had labels about their necks, and that these labels were inscribed "Kirschenwässer."
The considerate kindness of the Angel mollified me in no little measure; and, aided by the water with which he diluted my port more than once, I at length regained sufficient temper to listen to his very extraordinary discourse.
I cannot pretend to recount all that he told me, but I gleaned from what he said that he was a genius who presided over the contretemps of mankind, and whose business it was to bring about the odd accidents which are continually astonishing the skeptic.
Once or twice, upon my venturing to express my total incredulity in respect to his pretensions, he grew very angry indeed, so that at length I considered it the wiser policy to say nothing at all, and let him have his own way.
He talked on, therefore, at great length, while I merely leaned back in my chair with my eyes shut, and amused myself with munching raisins and filiping the stems about the room.
But, by and by, the Angel suddenly construed this behavior of mine into contempt.
He arose in a terrible passion, slouched his funnel down over his eyes, swore a vast oath, uttered a threat of some character, which I did not precisely comprehend, and finally made me a low bow and departed, wishing me, in the language of the archbishop in "Gil Bias," beaucoup de bonheur et un peu plus de bon sens.
His departure afforded me relief.
The very few glasses of Lafitte that I had sipped had the effect of rendering me drowsy, and I felt inclined to take a nap of some fifteen or twenty minutes, as is my custom after dinner.
At six I had an appointment of consequence, which it was quite indispensable that I should keep.

"In league with that ill-looking figure that might have fallen from a gibbet.
He listening and hiding here.
Barnaby first upon the spot last night.
Can she, who has always borne so fair a name, be guilty of such crimes in secret?"
said the locksmith, musing.
"Heaven forgive me if I am wrong, and send me just thoughts."
II Barnaby Is Enrolled 
It is seven in the forenoon, on June 2, 1780, and Barnaby and his mother, who had travelled to London to escape that unwelcome visitor whom Varden had noticed, were resting in one of the recesses of Westminster Bridge.
A vast throng of persons were crossing the river to the Surrey shore in unusual haste and excitement, and nearly every man in this great concourse wore in his hat a blue cockade.
When the bridge was clear, which was not till nearly two hours had elapsed, the widow inquired of an old man what was the meaning of the great assemblage.
"Why, haven't you heard?"
he returned.
"This is the day Lord George Gordon presents the petition against the Catholics, and his lordship has declared he won't present it to the House of Commons at all unless it is attended to the door by forty thousand good men and true, at least.

When John came down at last, expecting to find a pensive or reproachful wife, he was agreeably surprised to find Meg placidly trimming a bonnet, and to be greeted with the request to read something about the election, if he was not too tired.
John saw in a minute that a revolution of some kind was going on, but wisely asked no questions, knowing that Meg was such a transparent little person, she couldn't keep a secret to save her life, and therefore the clue would soon appear.
He read a long debate with the most amiable readiness and then explained it in his most lucid manner, while Meg tried to look deeply interested, to ask intelligent questions, and keep her thoughts from wandering from the state of the nation to the state of her bonnet.
In her secret soul, however, she decided that politics were as bad as mathematics, and that the mission of politicians seemed to be calling each other names, but she kept these feminine ideas to herself, and when John paused, shook her head and said with what she thought diplomatic ambiguity, "Well, I really don't see what we are coming to."
John laughed, and watched her for a minute, as she poised a pretty little preparation of lace and flowers on her hand, and regarded it with the genuine interest which his harangue had failed to waken.
"She is trying to like politics for my sake, so I'll try and like millinery for hers, that's only fair," thought John the Just, adding aloud, "That's very pretty.
Is it what you call a breakfast cap?"
"My dear man, it's a bonnet!
My very best go-to-concert-and-theater bonnet."
"I beg your pardon, it was so small, I naturally mistook it for one of the flyaway things you sometimes wear.
How do you keep it on?"
"These bits of lace are fastened under the chin with a rosebud, so,"
and Meg illustrated by putting on the bonnet and regarding him with an air of calm satisfaction that was irresistible.

The Happy Hunter knew that his brother was following him to kill him, and he felt that now, in this hour of great danger, was the time to use the Jewels of the Flow and Ebb of the Tide and prove whether what the Sea King had told him was true or not.
So he took out the Jewel of the Flood Tide from the bosom of his dress and raised it to his forehead.
Instantly over the fields and over the farms the sea came rolling in wave upon wave till it reached the spot where his brother was standing.
The Skillful Fisher stood amazed and terrified to see what was happening.
In another minute he was struggling in the water and calling on his brother to save him from drowning.
The Happy Hunter had a kind heart and could not bear the sight of his brother's distress.
He at once put back the Jewel of the Flood Tide and took out the Jewel of the Ebb Tide.
No sooner did he hold it up as high as his forehead than the sea ran back and back, and ere long the tossing rolling floods had vanished, and the farms and fields and dry land appeared as before.
The Skillful Fisher was very frightened at the peril of death in which he had stood, and was greatly impressed by the wonderful things he had seen his brother do.
He learned now that he was making a fatal mistake to set himself against his brother, younger than he thought he was, for he now had become so powerful that the sea would flow in and the tide ebb at his word of command.
So he humbled himself before the Happy Hunter and asked him to forgive him all the wrong he had done him.
The Skillful Fisher promised to restore his brother to his rights and also swore that though the Happy Hunter was the younger brother and owed him allegiance by right of birth, that he, the Skillful Fisher, would exalt him as his superior and bow before him as Lord of all Japan.

"Eh?"
"My hat.
I must have dropped it during the scrap.
This man, Denman Sturgis, must have found it.
It had my name in it!"
"George," I said, "you mustn't waste time.
Oh!"
He jumped a foot in the air.
"Don't do it!"
he said, irritably.
"Don't bark like that.
What's the matter?"

He thought he would first try them, so he put a heavy lump of gold in the basket and got out of the way.
When the basket was half-way up they cut the rope and the lump of gold fell to the bottom with such a crash that the pieces flew about his ears.
"Now we are rid of him," they said, and threatened the Princesses with their life if they did not say that it was they who had saved them from the trolls.
They were forced to agree to this, much against their will, and especially the youngest Princess; but life was precious, and so the two who were strongest had their way.
When the captain and lieutenant got home with the Princesses you may be sure there were great rejoicings at the palace.
The King was so glad he didn't know which leg to stand on; he brought out his best wine from his cupboard and wished the two officers welcome.
If they had never been honoured before they were honoured now in full measure, and no mistake.
They walked and strutted about the whole of the day, as if they were the cocks of the walk, since they were now going to have the King for father-in-law.
For it was understood they should each have whichever of the Princesses they liked and half the kingdom between them.
They both wanted the youngest Princess, but for all they prayed and threatened her it was of no use; she would not hear or listen to either.
They then asked the King if they might have twelve men to watch over her; she was so sad and melancholy since she had been in the mountain that they were afraid she might do something to herself.
Yes, that they might have, and the King himself told the watch they must look well after her and follow her wherever she went and stood.

As each day passed, Colin had become more and more fixed in his feeling that the mystery surrounding the garden was one of its greatest charms.
Nothing must spoil that.
No one must ever suspect that they had a secret.
People must think that he was simply going out with Mary and Dickon because he liked them and did not object to their looking at him.
They had long and quite delightful talks about their route.
They would go up this path and down that one and cross the other and go round among the fountain flower-beds as if they were looking at the “bedding-out plants” the head gardener, Mr. Roach, had been having arranged.
That would seem such a rational thing to do that no one would think it at all mysterious.
They would turn into the shrubbery walks and lose themselves until they came to the long walls.
It was almost as serious and elaborately thought out as the plans of march made by great generals in time of war.
Rumors of the new and curious things which were occurring in the invalid’s apartments had of course filtered through the servants’ hall into the stable yards and out among the gardeners, but notwithstanding this, Mr. Roach was startled one day when he received orders from Master Colin’s room to the effect that he must report himself in the apartment no outsider had ever seen, as the invalid himself desired to speak to him.
“Well, well,” he said to himself as he hurriedly changed his coat, “what’s to do now?
His Royal Highness that wasn’t to be looked at calling up a man he’s never set eyes on.”
Mr. Roach was not without curiosity.

Perhaps no one will ever know that we have been here, and the robins will cover us with leaves and "
"Nonsense," said George.
"There aren't any robins, and there aren't any leaves.
It's just the North Pole, that's all, and I've found it; and now I shall try to climb up and plant the British flag on the top my handkerchief will do; and if it really is the North Pole, my pocket compass Uncle James gave me will spin around and around, and then I shall know.
Come on."
So Jane came on; and when they got close to the clear, tall, beautiful flames they saw that there was a great, queer-shaped lump of ice all around the bottom of the Pole clear, smooth, shining ice, that was deep, beautiful Prussian blue, like icebergs, in the thick parts, and all sorts of wonderful, glimmery, shimmery, changing colors in the thin parts, like the cut-glass chandelier in Grandmamma's house in London.
"It is a very curious shape," said Jane.
"It's almost like" she moved back a step to get a better view of it "it's almost like a dragon."
"It's much more like the lampposts on the Thames Embankment," said George, who had noticed a curly thing like a tail that went twisting up the North Pole.
"Oh, George," cried Jane, "it is a dragon; I can see its wings.
Whatever shall we do?"
And, sure enough, it was a dragon a great, shining, winged, scaly, clawy, big-mouthed dragon made of pure ice.
It must have gone to sleep curled around the hole where the warm steam used to come up from the middle of the earth, and then when the earth got colder, and the column of steam froze and was turned into the North Pole, the dragon must have got frozen in his sleep frozen too hard to move and there he stayed.

At home, they all love him best, but I scarcely know why.
There seems to me something in the first old pair that draws my heart towards them.
How sociable, how patriarchal, it must have been in the old house, where the mistress sat at the spinning wheel with her maids while her husband read aloud to them from the Bible!"
"They must have been charming, sensible people," said the tutor, and then the conversation turned upon nobles and commoners.
It was almost as if the tutor did not belong to an inferior class, he spoke so wisely upon the purpose and intention of nobility.
"It is certainly good fortune to belong to a family that has distinguished itself in the world, and to inherit the energy which spurs us on to progress in everything noble and useful.
It is pleasant to bear a family name that is like a card of admission to the highest circles.
True nobility is always great and honorable.
It is a coin which has received the impression of its own value.
It is a mistake of the present day, into which many poets have fallen, to affirm that all who are noble by birth must therefore be wicked or foolish, and that the lower we descend in society the oftener we find great and shining characters.
I feel that this is quite false.
In all classes can be found men and women possessing kindly and beautiful traits.

They were thy brothers, who are now for evermore changed into ravens.” The maiden said, weeping, “Is there no way of delivering them?”
“No,” said the woman, “there is but one in the whole world, and that is so hard that thou wilt not deliver them by it, for thou must be dumb for seven years, and mayst not speak or laugh, and if thou speakest one single word, and only an hour of the seven years is wanting, all is in vain, and thy brothers will be killed by the one word.”
Then said the maiden in her heart, “I know with certainty that I shall set my brothers free,” and went and sought a high tree and seated herself in it and span, and neither spoke nor laughed.
Now it so happened that a king was hunting in the forest, who had a great greyhound which ran to the tree on which the maiden was sitting, and sprang about it, whining, and barking at her.
Then the King came by and saw the beautiful King’s daughter with the golden star on her brow, and was so charmed with her beauty that he called to ask her if she would be his wife.
She made no answer, but nodded a little with her head.
So he climbed up the tree himself, carried her down, placed her on his horse, and bore her home.
Then the wedding was solemnized with great magnificence and rejoicing, but the bride neither spoke nor smiled.
When they had lived happily together for a few years, the King’s mother, who was a wicked woman, began to slander the young Queen, and said to the King, “This is a common beggar girl whom thou hast brought back with thee.
Who knows what impious tricks she practises secretly!
Even if she be dumb, and not able to speak, she still might laugh for once; but those who do not laugh have bad consciences.” At first the King would not believe it, but the old woman urged this so long, and accused her of so many evil things, that at last the King let himself be persuaded and sentenced her to death.
And now a great fire was lighted in the courtyard in which she was to be burnt, and the King stood above at the window and looked on with tearful eyes, because he still loved her so much.
And when she was bound fast to the stake, and the fire was licking at her clothes with its red tongue, the last instant of the seven years expired.
Then a whirring sound was heard in the air, and twelve ravens came flying towards the place, and sank downwards, and when they touched the earth they were her twelve brothers, whom she had delivered.

her luck was after deserting her.
A drunken huntsman came up riding, and his beast got in among her ware, and made brishe of every mother's son of 'em.
She went home cryin', and her husband wasn't at all pleased.
"I see," said he, "you're not fit for business.
Come along, I'll get you a kitchen-maid's place in the palace.
I know the cook."
So the poor thing was obliged to stifle her pride once more.
She was kept very busy, and the footman and the butler would be very impudent about looking for a kiss, but she let a screech out of her the first attempt was made, and the cook gave the fellow such a lambasting with the besom that he made no second offer.
She went home to her husband every night, and she carried broken victuals wrapped in papers in her side pockets.
A week after she got service there was great bustle in the kitchen.
The King was going to be married, but no one knew who the bride was to be.
Well, in the evening the cook filled the Princess's pockets with cold meat and puddens, and, says she, "Before you go, let us have a look at the great doings in the big parlor."

His father observed him, and said: “Hansel, what are you gazing at there, and why do you always remain behind?
Take care, and don’t lose your footing.”
 “Oh!
father,” said Hansel, “I am looking back at my white kitten, which is sitting on the roof, waving me a farewell.” The woman exclaimed:
“What a donkey you are!
that isn’t your kitten, that’s the morning sun shining on the chimney.” But Hansel had not looked back at his kitten, but had always dropped one of the white pebbles out of his pocket on to the path.
When they had reached the middle of the forest the father said: “Now, children, go and fetch a lot of wood, and I’ll light a fire that you may not feel cold.” Hansel and Grettel heaped up brushwood till they had made a pile nearly the size of a small hill.
The brushwood was set fire to, and when the flames leaped high the woman said: “Now lie down at the fire, children, and rest yourselves: we are going into the forest to cut down wood; when we’ve finished we’ll come back and fetch you.” Hansel and Grettel sat down beside the fire, and at midday ate their little bits of bread.
They heard the strokes of the axe, so they thought their father was quite near.
But it was no axe they heard, but a bough he had tied on a dead tree, and that was blown about by the wind.
And when they had sat for a long time their eyes closed with fatigue, and they fell fast asleep.
When they awoke at last it was pitch dark.
Grettel began to cry, and said: “How are we ever to get out of the wood?” But Hansel comforted her.
“Wait a bit,” he said, “till the moon is up, and then we’ll find our way sure enough.” And when the full moon had risen he took his sister by the hand and followed the pebbles, which shone like new threepenny bits, and showed them the path.

"It does look a little super-timid to wear a life-preserver just because one happens to be walking by the side of a canal."
Mr. Buller tied a handkerchief on his head, and Mr. Podington rolled up his life-preserver and carried it under his arm.
Thus they reached the town, where Buller bought a hat, Podington dispensed with his bundle, and arrangements were made to bring back the boat.
"Runaway in a sailboat!"
exclaimed one of the canal boatmen when he had heard about the accident.
"Upon my word!
That beats anything that could happen to a man!"
"No, it doesn't," replied Mr. Buller, quietly.
"I have gone to the bottom in a foundered road-wagon."
The man looked at him fixedly.
"Was you ever struck in the mud in a balloon?"
he asked.

When the people's minds had had a little time to cool, they were ready enough to acknowledge their mistake in imagining a similarity between General Blood-and-Thunder's truculent physiognomy and the benign visage on the mountain-side.
But now, again, there were reports and many paragraphs in the newspapers, affirming that the likeness of the Great Stone Face had appeared upon the broad shoulders of a certain eminent statesman.
He, like Mr. Gathergold and Old Blood-and-Thunder, was a native of the valley, but had left it in his early days, and taken up the trades of law and politics.
Instead of the rich man's wealth and the warrior's sword, he had but a tongue, and it was mightier than both together.
So wonderfully eloquent was he, that whatever he might choose to say, his auditors had no choice but to believe him; wrong looked like right, and right like wrong; for when it pleased him, he could make a kind of illuminated fog with his mere breath, and obscure the natural daylight with it.
His tongue, indeed, was a magic instrument:
sometimes it rumbled like the thunder; sometimes it warbled like the sweetest music.
It was the blast of war, the song of peace; and it seemed to have a heart in it, when there was no such matter.
In good truth, he was a wondrous man; and when his tongue had acquired him all other imaginable success, when it had been heard in halls of state, and in the courts of princes and potentates, after it had made him known all over the world, even as a voice crying from shore to shore, it finally persuaded his countrymen to select him for the Presidency.
Before this time, indeed, as soon as he began to grow celebrated, his admirers had found out the resemblance between him and the Great Stone Face; and so much were they struck by it, that throughout the country this distinguished gentleman was known by the name of Old Stony Phiz.
The phrase was considered as giving a highly favorable aspect to his political prospects; for, as is likewise the case with the Popedom, nobody ever becomes President without taking a name other than his own.
While his friends were doing their best to make him President, Old Stony Phiz, as he was called, set out on a visit to the valley where he was born.
Of course, he had no other object than to shake hands with his fellow-citizens and neither thought nor cared about any effect which his progress through the country might have upon the election.

Ever since then the Falls have been called "The Leap of Ka Likai," and the doleful moans of their echoes are said to be the echoes of Ka Likai's anguished cries.
To this day, when widows with children are contemplating second marriages, they are cautioned to be careful and to use judgement, with the warning, "Remember Ka Likai."
XVII 
WHAT CAUSED THE SHADOWS ON THE MOON 
In the early ages there lived a family of deities, consisting of a mother and four children three daughters and one son.
They lived very happily for many long years, the children showing great respect to their mother and to one another.
Their names were Ka Um (Water), Ka Ding (Fire), and Ka Sngi (the Sun), and the boy was called U Bnai (the Moon).
They were all very noble and beautiful to look upon, as became their high destiny, but it was universally agreed that Ka Sngi and U Bnai, the two youngest, possessed greater beauty and loveliness than the two elder sisters.
In those days the moon was equal to the sun in brightness and splendour.
When U Bnai grew up he began to show somewhat wayward tendencies; he came and went at his own will, without consulting his mother or his sisters, and consorted with companions far beneath him in rank.
Sometimes he would absent himself from home for many days, and none of his family knew whither he wandered.
His mother often remonstrated with him, as is right for every mother to do, and she and his sisters endeavoured to guide him into more decorous habits, but he was wilful and self-indulgent, thinking that he had a right to more liberty than his women-folk allowed him.
By degrees he abandoned himself to a life of pleasure and wild pursuits, paying no heed to the advice and warnings of his elders.
Once he followed some of his low associates into the nether regions and spent a long time in that land of goblins and vice.

Little Bird.
Thank you, dear Juniper tree.
Why are you all so kind to me?
Your berries are good, and now I am cold and hungry no longer.
I'll go to sleep.
Good night, dear trees!
Trees.
Good night, little bird, and may you have sweet dreams!
SCENE II.
Midnight in the Forest 
Jack Frost.
Here I am in the great forest.
How I dislike to touch all these beautiful leaves; yet I must obey the orders of King Winter.

Jo would turn up her naughty nose at some of the finest, because she has no soul for art, but I have, and I'm cultivating eye and taste as fast as I can.
She would like the relics of great people better, for I've seen her Napoleon's cocked hat and gray coat, his baby's cradle and his old toothbrush, also Marie Antoinette's little shoe, the ring of Saint Denis, Charlemagne's sword, and many other interesting things.
I'll talk for hours about them when I come, but haven't time to write.
The Palais Royale is a heavenly place, so full of bijouterie and lovely things that I'm nearly distracted because I can't buy them.
Fred wanted to get me some, but of course I didn't allow it.
Then the Bois and Champs Elysees are tres magnifique.
I've seen the imperial family several times, the emperor an ugly, hard-looking man, the empress pale and pretty, but dressed in bad taste, I thought purple dress, green hat, and yellow gloves.
Little Nap is a handsome boy, who sits chatting to his tutor, and kisses his hand to the people as he passes in his four-horse barouche, with postilions in red satin jackets and a mounted guard before and behind.
We often walk in the Tuileries Gardens, for they are lovely, though the antique Luxembourg Gardens suit me better.
Pere la Chaise is very curious, for many of the tombs are like small rooms, and looking in, one sees a table, with images or pictures of the dead, and chairs for the mourners to sit in when they come to lament.
That is so Frenchy.
Our rooms are on the Rue de Rivoli, and sitting on the balcony, we look up and down the long, brilliant street.

Cinderella took them up, and, as she embraced them, cried:
That she forgave them with all her heart, and desired them always to love her.
She was conducted to the young prince, dressed as she was; he thought her more charming than ever, and, a few days after, married her.
Cinderella, who was no less good than beautiful, gave her two sisters lodgings in the palace, and that very same day matched them with two great lords of the Court.
(1)
(1) Charles Perrault.
ALADDIN AND THE WONDERFUL LAMP 
There once lived a poor tailor, who had a son called Aladdin, a careless, idle boy who would do nothing but play ball all day long in the streets with little idle boys like himself.
This so grieved the father that he died; yet, in spite of his mother’s tears and prayers, Aladdin did not mend his ways.
One day, when he was playing in the streets as usual, a stranger asked him his age, and if he was not the son of Mustapha the tailor.
“I am, sir,” replied Aladdin; “but he died a long while ago.” On this the stranger, who was a famous African magician, fell on his neck and kissed him, saying, “I am your uncle, and knew you from your likeness to my brother.
Go to your mother and tell her I am coming.” Aladdin ran home and told his mother of his newly found uncle.
“Indeed, child,” she said, “your father had a brother, but I always thought he was dead.” However, she prepared supper, and bade Aladdin seek his uncle, who came laden with wine and fruit.
He presently fell down and kissed the place where Mustapha used to sit, bidding Aladdin’s mother not to be surprised at not having seen him before, as he had been forty years out of the country.
He then turned to Aladdin, and asked him his trade, at which the boy hung his head, while his mother burst into tears.

I went home the next day, and never was better pleased in my life.
When I came to the top of the great hill, from which you have a prospect of our house, I really thought I should have cried with joy.
The fields looked all so pleasant, and the very cattle, when I went about to see them, all seemed glad that I was come home again.
MR. BARLOW: You see by this that it is very possible for people to like the country, and to be happy in it.
But as to the fine young ladies you talk of, the truth is that they neither love nor would be contented in any place.
It is no wonder they dislike the country, where they find neither employment nor amusement.
They wish to go to London, because they there meet with numbers of people as idle and as frivolous as themselves; and these people assist each other to talk about trifles and to waste their time.
TOMMY: That is true, sir, really; for when we have a great deal of company, I have often observed that they never talk about anything but eating or dressing, or men and women that are paid to make faces at the playhouse or a great room called Ranelagh, where everybody goes to meet their friends.
Which discourse led on to a story of the ancient Spartans, and their superiority to the luxury-loving Persians.
IV.
The Bull-Baiting 
The time had now arrived when Tommy was by appointment to go home and spend some time with his parents.
Mr. Barlow had been long afraid of this visit, as he knew his pupil would meet a great deal of company there who would give him impressions of a nature very different from those he had, with so much assiduity, been labouring to excite.

He grew melancholy, gazing out of the window-slit.
Not a very cheerful view just the plain and the sky but he liked it.
He used to think, if he could only fly out of that window, up to the sky or down to the plain, how nice it would be!
Perhaps when he died his nurse had told him once in anger that he would never leave the tower till he died he might be able to do this.
"And I wish I had somebody to tell me all about it; about that and many other things; somebody that would be fond of me, like my poor white kitten."
Here the tears came into his eyes, for the boy's one friend had been a little white kitten, which the deaf mute, kindly smiling, once took out of his pocket and gave him.
For four weeks it was his constant companion and plaything, till one moonlight night it took a fancy for wandering, climbed on to the parapet of the tower, dropped over and disappeared.
It was not killed, he hoped; indeed, he almost fancied he saw it pick itself up and scamper away, but he never caught sight of it again.
"Yes, I wish I had a person, a real live person, who would be fond of me and kind to me.
Oh, I want somebody dreadfully, dreadfully!"
As he spoke, there sounded behind him a slight tap-tap-tap, as of a cane, and twisting himself around, what do you think he saw?
A curious little woman, no bigger than he might himself have been, had his legs grown, but she was not a child she was an old woman with a sweet smile and a soft voice, and was carrying a cane.

The dainty goldfishes, red carp, and silvery trout, waited upon the Dragon King and his guest.
Hidesato was astonished at the feast that was spread for him.
The dishes were crystallized lotus leaves and flowers, and the chopsticks were of the rarest ebony.
As soon as they sat down, the sliding doors opened and ten lovely goldfish dancers came out, and behind them followed ten red-carp musicians with the koto and the samisen.
Thus the hours flew by till midnight, and the beautiful music and dancing had banished all thoughts of the centipede.
The Dragon King was about to pledge the warrior in a fresh cup of wine when the palace was suddenly shaken by a tramp, tramp!
as if a mighty army had begun to march not far away.
Hidesato and his host both rose to their feet and rushed to the balcony, and the warrior saw on the opposite mountain two great balls of glowing fire coming nearer and nearer.
The Dragon King stood by the warrior's side trembling with fear.
"The centipede!
The centipede!
Those two balls of fire are its eyes.

but nobody heard him except the Night-hawk, and he told the OLD-man that he would help him all he could; so he flew away up in the air so far that he looked like a black speck.
Then he came down straight and struck that rock an awful blow 'swow!'
and broke it in two pieces.
Indeed he did.
The blow was so great that it spoiled the Night-hawk's bill, forever made it queer in shape, and jammed his head, so that it is queer, too.
But he broke the rock, and OLD-man stood upon his feet.
"'Thank you, Brother Night-hawk,' said OLD-man, 'now I will do something for you.
I am going to make you different from other birds make you so people will always notice you.'
"You know that when you break a rock the powdered stone is white, like snow; and there is always some of the white powder whenever you break a rock, by pounding it.
Well, Old-man took some of the fine powdered stone and shook it on the Night-hawk's wings in spots and stripes made the great white stripes you have seen on his wings, and told him that no other bird could have such marks on his clothes.
"All the Night-hawk's children dress the same way now; and they always will as long as there are Night-hawks.
Of course their clothes make them proud; and that is why they keep at flying over people's heads soaring and dipping and turning all the time, to show off their pretty wings.

But as he bore all quietly, they were forced to leave him, and when dawn appeared, the maiden came and healed him with the water of life.
And when she went away, he saw with joy that she had already become white to the tips of her fingers.
And now he had only one night more to go through, but it was the worst.
The hob-goblins came again: “Art thou there still?” cried they, “thou shalt be tormented till thy breath stops.” They pricked him and beat him, and threw him here and there, and pulled him by the arms and legs as if they wanted to tear him to pieces, but he bore everything, and never uttered a cry.
At last the devils vanished, but he lay fainting there, and did not stir, nor could he raise his eyes to look at the maiden who came in, and sprinkled and bathed him with the water of life.
But suddenly he was freed from all pain, and felt fresh and healthy as if he had awakened from sleep, and when he opened his eyes he saw the maiden standing by him, snow-white, and fair as day.
“Rise,” said she, “and swing thy sword three times over the stairs, and then all will be delivered.” And when he had done that, the whole castle was released from enchantment, and the maiden was a rich King’s daughter.
The servants came and said that the table was already set in the great hall, and dinner served up.
Then they sat down and ate and drank together, and in the evening the wedding was solemnized with great rejoicings.
122 Donkey Cabbages 
There was once a young huntsman who went into the forest to lie in wait.
He had a fresh and joyous heart, and as he was going thither, whistling upon a leaf, an ugly old crone came up, who spoke to him and said, “Good-day, dear huntsman, truly you are merry and contented, but I am suffering from hunger and thirst, do give me an alms.” The huntsman had compassion on the poor old creature, felt in his pocket, and gave her what he could afford.
He was then about to go further, but the old woman stopped him and said, “Listen, dear huntsman, to what I tell you; I will make you a present in return for your kindness.

I'll bet a crown my crown," he said, "you never even thought to tell the witch what kind you wanted!
Did you now?"
And the Queen hung her head and had to confess that she had only asked for a child.
"Very well, madam," said the King, "very well have your own way.
And make the most of your daughter, while she is a child."
The Queen did.
All the years of her life had never held half so much happiness as now lived in each of the moments when she held her little baby in her arms.
And the years went on, and the King grew more and more clever at magic, and more and more disagreeable at home, and the Princess grew more beautiful and more dear every day she lived.
The Queen and the Princess were feeding the goldfish in the courtyard fountains with crumbs of the Princess's eighteenth birthday cake, when the King came into the courtyard, looking as black as thunder, with his black raven hopping after him.
He shook his fist at his family, as indeed he generally did whenever he met them, for he was not a King with pretty home manners.
The raven sat down on the edge of the marble basin and tried to peck the goldfish.
It was all he could do to show that he was in the same temper as his master.

“‘Oh, just as you like,’ said she, a little huffed.
‘Which is it you want, then?’
“‘That white one with the barred tail, right in the middle of the flock.’
“‘Oh, very well.
Kill it and take it with you.’
“Well, I did what she said, Mr. Holmes, and I carried the bird all the way to Kilburn.
I told my pal what I had done, for he was a man that it was easy to tell a thing like that to.
He laughed until he choked, and we got a knife and opened the goose.
My heart turned to water, for there was no sign of the stone, and I knew that some terrible mistake had occurred.
I left the bird, rushed back to my sister’s, and hurried into the back yard.
There was not a bird to be seen there.
“‘Where are they all, Maggie?’ I cried.
“‘Gone to the dealer’s, Jem.’
“‘Which dealer’s?’
“‘Breckinridge, of Covent Garden.’
“‘But was there another with a barred tail?’ I asked, ‘the same as the one I chose?’
“‘Yes, Jem; there were two barred-tailed ones, and I could never tell them apart.’
“Well, then, of course I saw it all, and I ran off as hard as my feet would carry me to this man Breckinridge; but he had sold the lot at once, and not one word would he tell me as to where they had gone.
You heard him yourselves to-night.
Well, he has always answered me like that.

Oh, I know!
I'll make a cunning gingerbread man for the little boy who lives next door.
Where is my knife?
Now roll the dough very thin, cut out the round little head, then the neck, now the two arms, now the little fat body, and last the legs with high heels on the shoes.
Well, this certainly is a fine little gingerbread man.
I think I'll make a little hat with a wide brim.
Now I'll put two currants for his eyes, two for his nose, three for his cute little mouth, and six for the buttons on his coat.
Then I'll sprinkle sugar and cinnamon over him and put him in the oven to bake.
Let me look at the clock.
It is half past eleven.
At twelve the gingerbread man will be baked, ready for the little boy when he comes home from school.
Well, I've washed the dishes, and set the table for my lunch, and it is now just twelve o'clock.

CRASH!
A great stone, dropped from above, smashed through the bottom of the boat.
It filled and sank, and Toad found himself struggling in deep water.
Looking up, he saw two stoats leaning over the parapet of the bridge and watching him with great glee.
‘It will be your head next time, Toady!’ they called out to him.
The indignant Toad swam to shore, while the stoats laughed and laughed, supporting each other, and laughed again, till they nearly had two fits that is, one fit each, of course.
The Toad retraced his weary way on foot, and related his disappointing experiences to the Water Rat once more.
‘Well, WHAT did I tell you?’ said the Rat very crossly.
‘And, now, look here!
See what you’ve been and done!
Lost me my boat that I was so fond of, that’s what you’ve done!
And simply ruined that nice suit of clothes that I lent you!

Besides, he’s my friend, prince, so that I shall not lose sight of him, again.
Where he goes, I go.
He’s quite given up visiting the captain’s widow, though sometimes he thinks sadly of her, especially in the morning, when he’s putting on his boots.
I don’t know why it’s at that time.
But he has no money, and it’s no use his going to see her without.
Has he borrowed any money from you, prince?”
“No, he has not.”
“Ah, he’s ashamed to!
He meant to ask you, I know, for he said so.
I suppose he thinks that as you gave him some once (you remember), you would probably refuse if he asked you again.”
“Do you ever give him money?”
“Prince!
Money!
Why I would give that man not only my money, but my very life, if he wanted it.
Well, perhaps that’s exaggeration; not life, we’ll say, but some illness, a boil or a bad cough, or anything of that sort, I would stand with pleasure, for his sake; for I consider him a great man fallen money, indeed!”
“H’m, then you do give him money?”
“N-no, I have never given him money, and he knows well that I will never give him any; because I am anxious to keep him out of intemperate ways.
He is going to town with me now; for you must know I am off to Petersburg after Ferdishenko, while the scent is hot; I’m certain he is there.

clay, sir?
That’s mud; we leave clay to ditchers, sir.
The fellow’s impious!
What art thou sneezing about?
Bone is rather dusty, sir.
Take the hint, then; and when thou art dead, never bury thyself under living people’s noses.
Sir?—oh!
ah!—I guess so;—yes—oh, dear!
Look ye, carpenter, I dare say thou callest thyself a right good workmanlike workman, eh?
Well, then, will it speak thoroughly well for thy work, if, when I come to mount this leg thou makest, I shall nevertheless feel another leg in the same identical place with it; that is, carpenter, my old lost leg; the flesh and blood one, I mean.
Canst thou not drive that old Adam away?
Truly, sir, I begin to understand somewhat now.

“He is probably a good deal cleverer than all three of you girls put together.
We shall see.
Only you haven’t told us anything about Aglaya yet, prince; and Aglaya and I are both waiting to hear.”
“I cannot say anything at present.
I’ll tell you afterwards.”
“Why?
Her face is clear enough, isn’t it?”
“Oh yes, of course.
You are very beautiful, Aglaya Ivanovna, so beautiful that one is afraid to look at you.”
“Is that all?
What about her character?” persisted Mrs. Epanchin.
“It is difficult to judge when such beauty is concerned.
I have not prepared my judgment.
Beauty is a riddle.”
“That means that you have set Aglaya a riddle!” said Adelaida.
“Guess it, Aglaya!
But she’s pretty, prince, isn’t she?”
“Most wonderfully so,” said the latter, warmly, gazing at Aglaya with admiration.

You men who live in cities—who toil, day in and day out, in the thick of noisy, teeming multitudes, under artificial lights, under roofs, behind glass, in offices and factories far away from the sun and the air, the light and the wind—don’t you feel at times something tugging at your heart-strings?
Don’t you feel a great longing for something new, something clean, something different from what you have been accustomed to?
Don’t you hear, now and then, a whispering coming from nowhere in particular and calling you?
Calling and calling in the middle of the night when you lie awake; in the flush of dawn when you catch a gleam of the sky from your open window; in the evening when your work is done and when you find yourself going home?
Do you know what I mean?
Have you felt it?
It is the “Call of the Wild”, the oldest call of all—the call coming to you through generations and generations who have ignored it.
Some people may laugh; others may wonder.
But the man who has answered that call will never forget it.
He may return to civilization.
He may cling to the memory of the discomforts and hardships only.
He may endeavor not to wipe out of his mind the haunting feeling of solitude and loneliness which gripped him at times in the bleak wilderness through which he roamed.

And the whale soon ceasing to sound, for some time they remained in that attitude, fearful of expending more line, though the position was a little ticklish.
But though boats have been taken down and lost in this way, yet it is this “holding on,” as it is called; this hooking up by the sharp barbs of his live flesh from the back; this it is that often torments the Leviathan into soon rising again to meet the sharp lance of his foes.
Yet not to speak of the peril of the thing, it is to be doubted whether this course is always the best; for it is but reasonable to presume, that the longer the stricken whale stays under water, the more he is exhausted.
Because, owing to the enormous surface of him—in a full grown sperm whale something less than 2000 square feet—the pressure of the water is immense.
We all know what an astonishing atmospheric weight we ourselves stand up under; even here, above-ground, in the air; how vast, then, the burden of a whale, bearing on his back a column of two hundred fathoms of ocean!
It must at least equal the weight of fifty atmospheres.
One whaleman has estimated it at the weight of twenty line-of-battle ships, with all their guns, and stores, and men on board.
As the three boats lay there on that gently rolling sea, gazing down into its eternal blue noon; and as not a single groan or cry of any sort, nay, not so much as a ripple or a bubble came up from its depths; what landsman would have thought, that beneath all that silence and placidity, the utmost monster of the seas was writhing and wrenching in agony!
Not eight inches of perpendicular rope were visible at the bows.
Seems it credible that by three such thin threads the great Leviathan was suspended like the big weight to an eight day clock.
Suspended?
and to what?

There are some people, you know, who can change their minds in such a sweet and easy way that we almost love them the better for it.
One certainly could love Miss Cecropia for this, because it showed that she had learned to care more for a warm heart and courage than for whole wings and straight feelers.
Mr. Cecropia did not live long after this, unfortunately, but they were very, very happy together, and she often said to her friends, as she laid her eggs in the best places, "I only hope that when my Caterpillar babies are grown and have come out of their chrysalides, they may be as good and as brave as their father was."
THE BEES AND THE KINGBIRD 
There was in the forest a great hollow tree where for years a swarm of Bees had made their home.
To look at it in winter, one would never guess what a store of honey was sealed up within, but in summer the Bees were always passing in and out, and it was indeed a busy place.
Then the Workers had to gather honey and build the cells and look out for the Queen-Mother's many babies.
The Queen-Mother had so much care of her eggs that she could really do nothing but attend to them.
After they were ready in their cells, the Workers took care of them, and tucked in a lot of bread for the babies to eat when they were hatched.
Then there was the bread-making to be done also, and all the Workers helped bring the pollen, or flower-dust, out of which it was made.
The Drones didn't do anything, not a thing, not a single thing, unless it were taking care of the Queen when she flew away from the tree.
They had done that once, but it was long ago, before she had laid an egg and while she was still quite young.
They were handsome great fellows, all black and gold, and if you didn't know about them, you might have thought them the pleasantest Bees in the tree.

“Are they pleased over there the parents?” asked Gania, suddenly.
“N-no, I don’t think they are.
You can judge for yourself.
I think the general is pleased enough; her mother is a little uneasy.
She always loathed the idea of the prince as a husband; everybody knows that.”
“Of course, naturally.
The bridegroom is an impossible and ridiculous one.
I mean, has she given her formal consent?”
“She has not said ‘no,’ up to now, and that’s all.
It was sure to be so with her.
You know what she is like.
You know how absurdly shy she is.
You remember how she used to hide in a cupboard as a child, so as to avoid seeing visitors, for hours at a time.
She is just the same now; but, do you know, I think there is something serious in the matter, even from her side; I feel it, somehow.

WILLIAM TELL 
A STORY OF SWITZERLAND.
A.D. 1307 
PERSONS IN THE PLAY WILLIAM TELL; LEWIS, HIS SON; ALBERT, HIS SON; ANNETTE, HIS WIFE; LALOTTE, HIS NIECE, GESSLER, SOLDIERS 
SCENE I.
At Tell's Home 
Albert.
Lewis, doesn't the quail smell good?
Lewis.
Yes, I wish I could have some of it!
Lalotte.
Hush!
the quail is for your father.
Albert.
I know that, Lalotte; but I am hungry, and I like quail.
Lalotte.

No one else followed the eccentric lady; but as she descended the steps she did not even look behind her, as though it were absolutely the same to her whether anyone were following or not.
She laughed and talked loudly, however, just as before.
She was dressed with great taste, but with rather more magnificence than was needed for the occasion, perhaps.
She walked past the orchestra, to where an open carriage was waiting, near the road.
The prince had not seen her for more than three months.
All these days since his arrival from Petersburg he had intended to pay her a visit, but some mysterious presentiment had restrained him.
He could not picture to himself what impression this meeting with her would make upon him, though he had often tried to imagine it, with fear and trembling.
One fact was quite certain, and that was that the meeting would be painful.
Several times during the last six months he had recalled the effect which the first sight of this face had had upon him, when he only saw its portrait.
He recollected well that even the portrait face had left but too painful an impression.
That month in the provinces, when he had seen this woman nearly every day, had affected him so deeply that he could not now look back upon it calmly.
In the very look of this woman there was something which tortured him.

Off I set to him, and after much chaffering I got our stones at £ 1000 apiece.
Then I looked in upon your son, told him that all was right, and eventually got to my bed about two o’clock, after what I may call a really hard day’s work.”
“A day which has saved England from a great public scandal,” said the banker, rising.
“Sir, I cannot find words to thank you, but you shall not find me ungrateful for what you have done.
Your skill has indeed exceeded all that I have heard of it.
And now I must fly to my dear boy to apologise to him for the wrong which I have done him.
As to what you tell me of poor Mary, it goes to my very heart.
Not even your skill can inform me where she is now.”
“I think that we may safely say,” returned Holmes, “that she is wherever Sir George Burnwell is.
It is equally certain, too, that whatever her sins are, they will soon receive a more than sufficient punishment.”
XII.
THE ADVENTURE OF THE COPPER BEECHES 
“To the man who loves art for its own sake,” remarked Sherlock Holmes, tossing aside the advertisement sheet of The Daily Telegraph, “it is frequently in its least important and lowliest manifestations that the keenest pleasure is to be derived.
It is pleasant to me to observe, Watson, that you have so far grasped this truth that in these little records of our cases which you have been good enough to draw up, and, I am bound to say, occasionally to embellish, you have given prominence not so much to the many causes célèbres and sensational trials in which I have figured but rather to those incidents which may have been trivial in themselves, but which have given room for those faculties of deduction and of logical synthesis which I have made my special province.”
“And yet,” said I, smiling, “I cannot quite hold myself absolved from the charge of sensationalism which has been urged against my records.”
“You have erred, perhaps,” he observed, taking up a glowing cinder with the tongs and lighting with it the long cherry-wood pipe which was wont to replace his clay when he was in a disputatious rather than a meditative mood—“you have erred perhaps in attempting to put colour and life into each of your statements instead of confining yourself to the task of placing upon record that severe reasoning from cause to effect which is really the only notable feature about the thing.”
“It seems to me that I have done you full justice in the matter,” I remarked with some coldness, for I was repelled by the egotism which I had more than once observed to be a strong factor in my friend’s singular character.
“No, it is not selfishness or conceit,” said he, answering, as was his wont, my thoughts rather than my words.
“If I claim full justice for my art, it is because it is an impersonal thing—a thing beyond myself.

We must needs inquire then on what principle the Sovereign is originally invested with that right.
The law itself has already been set forth.
But Plowdon gives us the reason for it.
Says Plowdon, the whale so caught belongs to the King and Queen, “because of its superior excellence.” And by the soundest commentators this has ever been held a cogent argument in such matters.
But why should the King have the head, and the Queen the tail?
A reason for that, ye lawyers!
In his treatise on “Queen-Gold,” or Queen-pinmoney, an old King’s Bench author, one William Prynne, thus discourseth: “Ye tail is ye Queen’s, that ye Queen’s wardrobe may be supplied with ye whalebone.” Now this was written at a time when the black limber bone of the Greenland or Right whale was largely used in ladies’ bodices.
But this same bone is not in the tail; it is in the head, which is a sad mistake for a sagacious lawyer like Prynne.
But is the Queen a mermaid, to be presented with a tail?
An allegorical meaning may lurk here.
There are two royal fish so styled by the English law writers—the whale and the sturgeon; both royal property under certain limitations, and nominally supplying the tenth branch of the crown’s ordinary revenue.
I know not that any other author has hinted of the matter; but by inference it seems to me that the sturgeon must be divided in the same way as the whale, the King receiving the highly dense and elastic head peculiar to that fish, which, symbolically regarded, may possibly be humorously grounded upon some presumed congeniality.

STORY VI 
The Beetle and the Silken Thread.
[2]

The strange adventures related in the story of the Beetle and the Silken Thread took place in the town of Allahabad, "the City of God,"
so called because it is situated near the point of meeting of the two sacred rivers of India, the Ganges, which the Hindus lovingly call Mother Ganga because they believe its waters can wash away their sins, and the Jumna, which they consider scarcely less holy.
The ruler of Allahabad was a very selfish and hot-tempered Raja named Surya Pratap, signifying "Powerful as the Sun," who expected everybody to obey him without a moment's delay, and was ready to punish in a very cruel manner those who hesitated to do so.
He would never listen to a word of explanation, or own that he had been mistaken, even when he knew full well that he was in the wrong.
He had a mantri, that is to say, a chief vizier or officer, whom he greatly trusted, and really seemed to be fond of, for he liked to have him always near him.
The vizier was called Dhairya-Sila, or "the Patient One," because he never lost his temper, no matter what provocation he received.
He had a beautiful house, much money and many jewels, carriages to drive about in, noble horses to ride and many servants to wait upon him, all given to him by his master.
But what he loved best of all was his faithful wife, Buddhi-Mati, or "the Sensible One," whom he had chosen for himself, and who would have died for him.
Many of the Raja's subjects were jealous of Dhairya-Sila, and constantly brought accusations against him, of none of which his master took any notice, except to punish those who tried to set him against his favourite.
It really seemed as if nothing would ever bring harm to Dhairya-Sila; but he often told his wife that such good fortune was not likely to last, and that she must be prepared for a change before long.
It turned out that he was right.
For one day Surya Pratap ordered him to do what he considered would be a shameful deed.

"Who is there?
Come out at once!"
shouted the poor man, beside himself.
Ha!
the monster appeared, lank and yellow, almost a skeleton, covered with rags.
The poor fellow was afraid, but had the courage to make the sign of the cross and ask: "Who art thou?"
"I?
I am Bitter Woe.
I am one of the Russian heroes, Woe Bogotir.
I pity all weak people.
I pity thee, too, and want to help thee along."
"All right, Bitter Woe; let us walk together arm in arm.

she said.
"What WERE they?"
"Diamond mines," answered Mr. Barrow, "and dear friends and ruin."
Miss Minchin lost her breath.
"Ruin!"
she gasped out.
"Lost every penny.
That young man had too much money.
The dear friend was mad on the subject of the diamond mine.
He put all his own money into it, and all Captain Crewe's.
Then the dear friend ran away Captain Crewe was already stricken with fever when the news came.
The shock was too much for him.

There was no restraining him."
Lady Malvern looked at Jeeves, then at me, then at Jeeves again.
I could see her struggling with the thing.
"Surely, your ladyship," said Jeeves, "it is more reasonable to suppose that a gentleman of his lordship's character went to prison of his own volition than that he committed some breach of the law which necessitated his arrest?"
Lady Malvern blinked.
Then she got up.
"Mr. Wooster," she said, "I apologize.
I have done you an injustice.
I should have known Wilmot better.
I should have had more faith in his pure, fine spirit."
"Absolutely!"
I said.

And, as you passed me, Mr. Fox, I thought I saw you try and get off her diamond ring, and when you could not, Mr. Fox, it seemed to me in my dream, that you out with your sword and hacked off the poor lady's hand to get the ring.”
“It is not so, nor it was not so.
And God forbid it should be so,” said Mr. Fox, and was going to say something else as he rose from his seat, when Lady Mary cried out:
“But it is so, and it was so.
Here's hand and ring I have to show,” and pulled out the lady's hand from her dress, and pointed it straight at Mr. Fox.
At once her brothers and her friends drew their swords and cut Mr. Fox into a thousand pieces.
LAZY JACK 
Once upon a time there was a boy whose name was Jack, and he lived with his mother on a common.
They were very poor, and the old woman got her living by spinning, but Jack was so lazy that he would do nothing but bask in the sun in the hot weather, and sit by the corner of the hearth in the winter-time.
So they called him Lazy Jack.
His mother could not get him to do anything for her, and at last told him, one Monday, that if he did not begin to work for his porridge she would turn him out to get his living as he could.
This roused Jack, and he went out and hired himself for the next day to a neighbouring farmer for a penny; but as he was coming home, never having had any money before, he lost it in passing over a brook.
“You stupid boy,” said his mother, “you should have put it in your pocket.”
 “I'll do so another time,” replied Jack.
On Wednesday, Jack went out again and hired himself to a cow-keeper, who gave him a jar of milk for his day's work.
Jack took the jar and put it into the large pocket of his jacket, spilling it all, long before he got home.

Gania, left alone, clutched his head with his hands.
“One word from her,” he said, “one word from her, and I may yet be free.”
He could not settle himself to his papers again, for agitation and excitement, but began walking up and down the room from corner to corner.
The prince walked along, musing.
He did not like his commission, and disliked the idea of Gania sending a note to Aglaya at all; but when he was two rooms distant from the drawing-room, where they all were, he stopped as though recalling something; went to the window, nearer the light, and began to examine the portrait in his hand.
He longed to solve the mystery of something in the face of Nastasia Philipovna, something which had struck him as he looked at the portrait for the first time; the impression had not left him.
It was partly the fact of her marvellous beauty that struck him, and partly something else.
There was a suggestion of immense pride and disdain in the face almost of hatred, and at the same time something confiding and very full of simplicity.
The contrast aroused a deep sympathy in his heart as he looked at the lovely face.
The blinding loveliness of it was almost intolerable, this pale thin face with its flaming eyes; it was a strange beauty.
The prince gazed at it for a minute or two, then glanced around him, and hurriedly raised the portrait to his lips.
When, a minute after, he reached the drawing-room door, his face was quite composed.
But just as he reached the door he met Aglaya coming out alone.

He put on his clothes as quickly as he could (not forgetting his sandals and gold-hilted sword), and, hastening to the king, inquired what it all meant.
"Alas!
my son," quoth King Aegeus, heaving a long sigh, "here is a very lamentable matter in hand!
This is the wofulest anniversary in the whole year.
It is the day when we annually draw lots to see which of the youths and maids of Athens shall go to be devoured by the horrible Minotaur!"
"The Minotaur!"
exclaimed Prince Theseus; and like a brave young prince as he was, he put his hand to the hilt of his sword.
"What kind of a monster may that be?
Is it not possible, at the risk of one's life, to slay him?"
But King Aegeus shook his venerable head, and to convince Theseus that it was quite a hopeless case, he gave him an explanation of the whole affair.
It seems that in the island of Crete there lived a certain dreadful monster, called a Minotaur, which was shaped partly like a man and partly like a bull, and was altogether such a hideous sort of a creature that it is really disagreeable to think of him.
If he were suffered to exist at all, it should have been on some desert island, or in the duskiness of some deep cavern, where nobody would ever be tormented by his abominable aspect.

In the middle of this lake sat the Snow Queen when she was at home; and then she said she was sitting in the Mirror of Understanding, and that this was the only one and the best thing in the world.
Little Kay was quite blue, yes nearly black with cold; but he did not observe it, for she had kissed away all feeling of cold from his body, and his heart was a lump of ice.
He was dragging along some pointed flat pieces of ice, which he laid together in all possible ways, for he wanted to make something with them; just as we have little flat pieces of wood to make geometrical figures with, called the Chinese Puzzle.
Kay made all sorts of figures, the most complicated, for it was an ice-puzzle for the understanding.
In his eyes the figures were extraordinarily beautiful, and of the utmost importance; for the bit of glass which was in his eye caused this.
He found whole figures which represented a written word; but he never could manage to represent just the word he wanted that word was “eternity”; and the Snow Queen had said, “If you can discover that figure, you shall be your own master, and I will make you a present of the whole world and a pair of new skates.” But he could not find it out.
“I am going now to warm lands,” said the Snow Queen.
“I must have a look down into the black caldrons.” It was the volcanoes Vesuvius and Etna that she meant.
“I will just give them a coating of white, for that is as it ought to be; besides, it is good for the oranges and the grapes.”
 And then away she flew, and Kay sat quite alone in the empty halls of ice that were miles long, and looked at the blocks of ice, and thought and thought till his skull was almost cracked.
There he sat quite benumbed and motionless; one would have imagined he was frozen to death.
Suddenly little Gerda stepped through the great portal into the palace.
The gate was formed of cutting winds; but Gerda repeated her evening prayer, and the winds were laid as though they slept; and the little maiden entered the vast, empty, cold halls.

But I will soon put an end to her pretensions!”
He rose in a fury, and although it was not yet daylight, he sent for the Captain of his Bodyguard, and said to him:
“You have heard the Princess Miranda’s dream?
I consider that it means strange things against me, therefore I order you to take her away into the forest and kill her, and, that I may be sure it is done, you must bring me her heart and her tongue.
If you attempt to deceive me you shall be put to death!”
The Captain of the Guard was very much astonished when he heard this barbarous order, but he did not dare to contradict the King for fear of making him still more angry, or causing him to send someone else, so he answered that he would fetch the Princess and do as the King had said.
When he went to her room they would hardly let him in, it was so early, but he said that the King had sent for Miranda, and she got up quickly and came out; a little black girl called Patypata held up her train, and her pet monkey and her little dog ran after her.
The monkey was called Grabugeon, and the little dog Tintin.
The Captain of the Guard begged Miranda to come down into the garden where the King was enjoying the fresh air, and when they got there, he pretended to search for him, but as he was not to be found, he said:
“No doubt his Majesty has strolled into the forest,” and he opened the little door that led to it and they went through.
By this time the daylight had begun to appear, and the Princess, looking at her conductor, saw that he had tears in his eyes and seemed too sad to speak.
“What is the matter?” she said in the kindest way.
“You seem very sorrowful.”
“Alas!
Princess,” he answered, “who would not be sorrowful who was ordered to do such a terrible thing as I am?
The King has commanded me to kill you here, and carry your heart and your tongue to him, and if I disobey I shall lose my life.”
The poor Princess was terrified, she grew very pale and began to cry softly.
Looking up at the Captain of the Guard with her beautiful eyes, she said gently:
“Will you really have the heart to kill me?

That's May Day and a very good day for a party out-of-doors.
Well I must go home now.
Good-by!
If I can help you, please call upon me.
Mother Goose.
Thank you, Mother Hubbard!
Good-by, and thank you again for coming over.
SCENE IV.
At the Party 
Mother Hubbard.
What a lovely day you have for your party, Mother Goose!
The sun shines so bright and warm, and the flowers are lovely.
Is there anything I can do?

The pillar, of course, was the top of the piece of rock that had stuck itself through Rotundia millions of years before, and made it spin around the wrong way.
It was quite in the middle of the island, and stuck up ever so far, and when you were at the top you could see a great deal farther than when you were not.
As Tom went out from the town and across the downs, he thought what a pretty sight it was to see the rabbits in the bright, dewy morning, frisking with their young ones by the mouths of their burrows.
He did not go very near the rabbits, of course, because when a rabbit of that size is at play it does not always look where it is going, and it might easily have crushed Tom with its foot, and then it would have been very sorry afterward.
And Tom was a kind boy, and would not have liked to make even a rabbit unhappy.
Earwigs in our country often get out of the way when they think you are going to walk on them.
They too have kind hearts, and they would not like you to be sorry afterward.
So Tom went on, looking at the rabbits and watching the morning grow more and more red and golden.
And the Mexican lapdog barked all the time, till the church bells tinkled, and the chimney of the apple factory rocked again.
But when Tom got to the pillar, he saw that he would not need to climb to the top to find out what the dog was barking at.
For there, by the pillar, lay a very large purple dragon.
His wings were like old purple umbrellas that have been very much rained on, and his head was large and bald, like the top of a purple toadstool, and his tail, which was purple too, was very, very, very long and thin and tight, like the lash of a carriage whip.

"Good-by, Hans."
Hans took the goat, tied its legs, and put it in his pocket.
Just as he reached home it was suffocated.
"Good evening, mother."
"Good evening, Hans.
Where have you been?"
"To Grethel's."
"And what did you take to her?"
"I took nothing; she gave to me."
"And what did Grethel give you?"
"A goat."
"Where did you put it, Hans?"

“At one gulp.
The only thing he spat out was the main-mast, for it stuck in his teeth.
To my own good luck, that ship was loaded with meat, preserved foods, crackers, bread, bottles of wine, raisins, cheese, coffee, sugar, wax candles, and boxes of matches.
With all these blessings, I have been able to live happily on for two whole years, but now I am at the very last crumbs.
Today there is nothing left in the cupboard, and this candle you see here is the last one I have.”
“And then?”
“And then, my dear, we’ll find ourselves in darkness.”
“Then, my dear Father,” said Pinocchio, “there is no time to lose.
We must try to escape.”
“Escape!
How?”
“We can run out of the Shark’s mouth and dive into the sea.”
“You speak well, but I cannot swim, my dear Pinocchio.”
“Why should that matter?
You can climb on my shoulders and I, who am a fine swimmer, will carry you safely to the shore.”
“Dreams, my boy!” answered Geppetto, shaking his head and smiling sadly.
“Do you think it possible for a Marionette, a yard high, to have the strength to carry me on his shoulders and swim?”
“Try it and see!
And in any case, if it is written that we must die, we shall at least die together.”
Not adding another word, Pinocchio took the candle in his hand and going ahead to light the way, he said to his father:
“Follow me and have no fear.”
They walked a long distance through the stomach and the whole body of the Shark.
When they reached the throat of the monster, they stopped for a while to wait for the right moment in which to make their escape.
I want you to know that the Shark, being very old and suffering from asthma and heart trouble, was obliged to sleep with his mouth open.

He promised his friend any amount of money he liked to ask if only he could get him the desired article.
As soon as the news came that the ship on which his friend had sailed home had come into port, he rode seven days on horseback to meet him.
He handed his friend a large sum of money, and received the fire-rat's skin.
When he reached home he put it carefully in a box and sent it in to the Princess while he waited outside for her answer.
The bamboo-cutter took the box from the Knight and, as usual, carried it in to her and tried to coax her to see the Knight at once, but Princess Moonlight refused, saying that she must first put the skin to test by putting it into the fire.
If it were the real thing it would not burn.
So she took off the crape wrapper and opened the box, and then threw the skin into the fire.
The skin crackled and burnt up at once, and the Princess knew that this man also had not fulfilled his word.
So the Third Knight failed also.
Now the Fourth Knight was no more enterprising than the rest.
Instead of starting out on the quest of the dragon bearing on its head the five-color-radiating jewel, he called all his servants together and gave them the order to seek for it far and wide in Japan and in China, and he strictly forbade any of them to return till they had found it.
His numerous retainers and servants started out in different directions, with no intention, however, of obeying what they considered an impossible order.

Barrao!”
And at that last wild yell the whole line flung up their trunks till the tips touched their foreheads, and broke out into the full salute the crashing trumpet-peal that only the Viceroy of India hears, the Salaamut of the Keddah.
But it was all for the sake of Little Toomai, who had seen what never man had seen before the dance of the elephants at night and alone in the heart of the Garo hills!
Shiv and the Grasshopper 
     (The song that Toomai’s mother sang to the baby)
     Shiv, who poured the harvest and made the winds to blow,      Sitting at the doorways of a day of long ago,      Gave to each his portion, food and toil and fate,      From the King upon the guddee to the Beggar at the gate.
All things made he Shiva the Preserver.
Mahadeo!
Mahadeo!
He made all, 
        Thorn for the camel, fodder for the kine,         And mother’s heart for sleepy head, O little son of mine!
Wheat he gave to rich folk, millet to the poor,      Broken scraps for holy men that beg from door to door;      Battle to the tiger, carrion to the kite,      And rags and bones to wicked wolves without the wall at night.
Naught he found too lofty, none he saw too low 
     Parbati beside him watched them come and go;      Thought to cheat her husband, turning Shiv to jest 
     Stole the little grasshopper and hid it in her breast.
So she tricked him, Shiva the Preserver.
Mahadeo!
Mahadeo!

These are some presents my parents and husband have given me.
Cornelia.
I am so glad you have brought them to show me.
You are very kind, for you know I greatly admire beautiful jewels.
Julia.
See, here is a pearl necklace.
Cornelia.
How lovely!
Let me clasp it about your neck.
It is very becoming.
And what other gems have you?
Julia.

Sabbath-school hours were from nine to half-past ten; and then church service.
Two of the children always remained for the sermon voluntarily, and the other always remained too for stronger reasons.
The church's high-backed, uncushioned pews would seat about three hundred persons; the edifice was but a small, plain affair, with a sort of pine board tree-box on top of it for a steeple.
At the door Tom dropped back a step and accosted a Sunday-dressed comrade:
“Say, Billy, got a yaller ticket?”
“Yes.”
“What'll you take for her?”
“What'll you give?”
“Piece of lickrish and a fish-hook.”
“Less see 'em.”
Tom exhibited.
They were satisfactory, and the property changed hands.
Then Tom traded a couple of white alleys for three red tickets, and some small trifle or other for a couple of blue ones.
He waylaid other boys as they came, and went on buying tickets of various colors ten or fifteen minutes longer.
He entered the church, now, with a swarm of clean and noisy boys and girls, proceeded to his seat and started a quarrel with the first boy that came handy.
The teacher, a grave, elderly man, interfered; then turned his back a moment and Tom pulled a boy's hair in the next bench, and was absorbed in his book when the boy turned around; stuck a pin in another boy, presently, in order to hear him say “Ouch!” and got a new reprimand from his teacher.
Tom's whole class were of a pattern restless, noisy, and troublesome.
When they came to recite their lessons, not one of them knew his verses perfectly, but had to be prompted all along.
However, they worried through, and each got his reward in small blue tickets, each with a passage of Scripture on it; each blue ticket was pay for two verses of the recitation.

She thrust her elbows into her husband’s side, and said, “Listen, Lenz, to what I have been thinking:
if I were to find one florin and one was given to me, I would borrow another to put to them, and thou too shouldst give me another, and then as soon as I had got the four florins together, I would buy a young cow.” This pleased the husband right well.
“It is true,” said he, “that I do not know where I am to get the florin which thou wantest as a gift from me; but, if thou canst get the money together, and canst buy a cow with it, thou wilt do well to carry out thy project.
I shall be glad,”
he added, “if the cow has a calf, and then I shall often get a drink of milk to refresh me.” “The milk is not for thee,” said the woman, “we must let the calf suck that it may become big and fat, and we may be able to sell it well.” “Certainly,” replied the man, “but still we will take a little milk; that will do no harm.” “Who has taught thee to manage cows?” said the woman; “Whether it does harm or not, I will not allow it, and even if thou wert to stand on thy head for it, thou shouldst not have a drop of the milk!
Dost thou think, because there is no satisfying thee, Long Laurence, that thou art to eat up what I earn with so much difficulty?” “Wife,” said the man, “be quiet, or I will give thee a blow on thy mouth!” “What!” cried she, “thou threatenest me, thou glutton, thou rascal, thou lazy Harry!” She was just laying hold of his hair, but long Laurence got up, seized both Lean Lisa’s withered arms in one hand, and with the other he pressed down her head into the pillow, let her scold, and held her until she fell asleep for very weariness.
Whether she continued to wrangle when she awoke next morning, or whether she went out to look for the florin which she wanted to find, that I know not.
169 The Hut in the Forest 
A poor wood-cutter lived with his wife and three daughters in a little hut on the edge of a lonely forest.
One morning as he was about to go to his work, he said to his wife, “Let my dinner be brought into the forest to me by my eldest daughter, or I shall never get my work done, and in order that she may not miss her way,” he added, “I will take a bag of millet with me and strew the seeds on the path.” When, therefore, the sun was just above the center of the forest, the girl set out on her way with a bowl of soup, but the field-sparrows, and wood-sparrows, larks and finches, blackbirds and siskins had picked up the millet long before, and the girl could not find the track.
Then trusting to chance, she went on and on, until the sun sank and night began to fall.
The trees rustled in the darkness, the owls hooted, and she began to be afraid.
Then in the distance she perceived a light which glimmered between the trees.
“There ought to be some people living there, who can take me in for the night,” thought she, and went up to the light.
It was not long before she came to a house the windows of which were all lighted up.

You like him, Bennie, don't you?"
"Sure, I like him.
He's a corker.
Wait till you see him, Betty.
Nobody's asking you to marry him before lunch.
You'll have plenty of time to get acquainted.
It beats me what you're kicking at.
You give me a pain in the neck.
Be reasonable."
Betty sought for arguments to clinch her refusal.
"It's ridiculous," she said.
"You talk as if you had just to wave your hand.

The sounds boomed heavily through the frost, and Patty thought there were four of them.
Then, after due choking and whirring, our own clock struck, and we counted the strokes quite clearly one!
two!
three!
four!
Then we got Kitty's shawl once more, and stole out into the back-yard.
We ran to our old place, and peeped, but could see nothing.
"'We'd better get up on to the wall,' I said; and with some difficulty and distress from rubbing her bare knees against the cold stones, and getting the snow up her sleeves, Patty got on the coping of the little wall.
I was just struggling after her, when something warm and something cold coming suddenly against the bare calves of my legs, made me shriek with fright.
I came down 'with a run,' and bruised my knees, my elbows, and my chin; and the snow that hadn't gone up Patty's sleeves, went down my neck.
Then I found that the cold thing was a dog's nose, and the warm thing was his tongue; and Patty cried from her post of observation, 'It's Father Christmas's dog, and he's licking your legs.'
"It really was the dirty little brown and white spaniel; and he persisted in licking me, and jumping on me, and making curious little noises, that must have meant something if one had known his language.

“What's sewn?” he asked.
“You're dreadfully ignorant.”
“No, I'm not.”
But she was exulting in his ignorance.
“I shall sew it on for you, my little man,” she said, though he was tall as herself, and she got out her housewife [sewing bag], and sewed the shadow on to Peter's foot.
“I daresay it will hurt a little,” she warned him.
“Oh, I shan't cry,” said Peter, who was already of the opinion that he had never cried in his life.
And he clenched his teeth and did not cry, and soon his shadow was behaving properly, though still a little creased.
“Perhaps I should have ironed it,” Wendy said thoughtfully, but Peter, boylike, was indifferent to appearances, and he was now jumping about in the wildest glee.
Alas, he had already forgotten that he owed his bliss to Wendy.
He thought he had attached the shadow himself.
“How clever I am!” he crowed rapturously, “oh, the cleverness of me!”
It is humiliating to have to confess that this conceit of Peter was one of his most fascinating qualities.
To put it with brutal frankness, there never was a cockier boy.
But for the moment Wendy was shocked.

You must come!"
Well, a fellow comes down to breakfast one morning, with a bit of a head on, and finds a letter like that from a girl who might quite easily have blighted his life!
It rattled me rather, I must confess.
However, that bit about the golf settled me.
I knew Bill knew what he was talking about, and, if he said the course was so topping, it must be something special.
So I went.
Old Bill met me at the station with the car.
I hadn't come across him for some months, and I was glad to see him again.
And he apparently was glad to see me.
"Thank goodness you've come," he said, as we drove off.
"I was just about at my last grip."
"What's the trouble, old scout?"

Much as you suffer now, think of what you would have suffered if the discovery of his character had been delayed to a later period if your engagement had been carried on for months and months, as it might have been, before he chose to put an end to it.
Every additional day of unhappy confidence, on your side, would have made the blow more dreadful."
"Engagement!"
cried Marianne, "there has been no engagement."
"No engagement!"
"No, he is not so unworthy as you believe him.
He has broken no faith with me."
"But he told you that he loved you."
"Yes no never absolutely.
It was every day implied, but never professedly declared.
Sometimes I thought it had been but it never was."
"Yet you wrote to him?"

‘Now I’ll make a new noise with a snake and drying-pole sound in it.
I’ll say shi.
That’s Tegumai for spear, Taffy.’
And he laughed.
‘Don’t make fun of me,’ said Taffy, as she thought of her picture-letter and the mud in the Stranger-man’s hair.
‘You draw it, Daddy.’
‘We won’t have beavers or hills this time, eh?’ said her Daddy, ‘I’ll just draw a straight line for my spear.’ and he drew this.
(11.)
‘Even Mummy couldn’t mistake that for me being killed.’
‘Please don’t, Daddy.
It makes me uncomfy.
Do some more noises.
We’re getting on beautifully.’
‘Er-hm!’ said Tegumai, looking up.
‘We’ll say shu.
That means sky.’
Taffy drew the snake and the drying-pole.

"Is it?"
"Yes," Sara answered, and she looked at her dreamily for a moment.
But the next she spoke in a different tone.
She realized that Becky did not know what she meant.
"Have you done your work?"
she asked.
"Dare you stay here a few minutes?"
Becky lost her breath again.
"Here, miss?
Me?"
Sara ran to the door, opened it, and looked out and listened.
"No one is anywhere about," she explained.

Tradition also points out that this famous deity had a wife and family, and three at least of his daughters are renowned in Khasi folk-lore.
One of them transformed herself into the likeness of a Khasi maiden and came to live with mankind, where she became the ancestress of a race of chiefs.
Two other daughters, out of playfulness, transformed themselves into two rivers, and are with us in that form to this day.
This is the story of the goddess who came to live with mankind:
Many hundreds of years ago, near the place now known as Pomlakrai, there was a cave called the Cave of Marai, near to which stood a high perpendicular rock around which the youthful cow-herds of the time used to play.
They gathered there from different directions, and passed the time merrily, practising archery and playing on their flutes, while keeping an eye on their herds.
The rock was too high for them to attempt to climb it, and it was always spoken of as "the rock on which the foot of man never trod."
On a certain day, when the lads came as usual to the familiar rendezvous, they were surprised to see, sitting on the top of the rock, a fair young girl watching them silently and wistfully.
The children, being superstitious, took fright at sight of her and ran in terror to Mylliem, their village, leaving the cattle to shift for themselves.
When they told their news, the whole village was roused and men quickly gathered to the public meeting-place to hold a consultation.
They decided to go and see for themselves if the apparition seen by the children was a real live child, or if they had been deluded by some spell or enchantment.
Under the guidance of the lads, they hurried to the place on the hill where the rock stood, and there, as the boys had stated, sat a fair and beautiful child.
The clothes worn by the little girl were far richer than any worn by their own women-folk, so they judged that she belonged to some rich family, and she was altogether so lovely that the men gazed open-mouthed at her, dazzled by her beauty.

"Bring the Princess," ordered the soldier, and the dog vanished to do his master's will.
The old dame sat beside the Princess's bed.
She had heard all about the Princess's dream.
"Was she dreaming herself now?"
she wondered.
She pinched herself.
No, she was wide awake, yet she saw a dog, a real dog with eyes as large as saucers, in front of her.
The dog seized the Princess, and ran off; but although he ran very quickly, the old dame found time to put on her goloshes before she followed.
How she panted along!
How she ran, the faithful old dame!
She was just in time to see the Princess on the dog's back disappear into a large house.
"I shall mark the house, so that I may know it in the morning," she thought.

At last the great moment arrived.
A delicious odor was wafted upon the autumn breeze.
Everywhere the barnyard citizens sniffed the air with delight.
The Red Hen ambled in her picketty-pecketty way toward the source of all this excitement.
Although she appeared to be perfectly calm, in reality she could only with difficulty restrain an impulse to dance and sing, for had she not done all the work on this wonderful bread?
Small wonder that she was the most excited person in the barnyard!
She did not know whether the bread would be fit to eat, but joy of joys!
when the lovely brown loaves came out of the oven, they were done to perfection.
Then, probably because she had acquired the habit, the Red Hen called:
"Who will eat the Bread?"
All the animals in the barnyard were watching hungrily and smacking their lips in anticipation, and the Pig said, "I will," the Cat said, "I will," the Rat said, "I will."
But the Little Red Hen said, 
"No, you won't.
I will."

I am sure you are quite pleased that you have managed to mix us up with your extraordinary affairs.
It is quite enough, dear family friend; thank you for giving us an opportunity of getting to know you so well.”
She arranged her cloak with hands that trembled with anger as she waited for the “riff-raff” to go.
The cab which Lebedeff’s son had gone to fetch a quarter of an hour ago, by Doktorenko’s order, arrived at that moment.
The general thought fit to put in a word after his wife.
“Really, prince, I hardly expected after after all our friendly intercourse and you see, Lizabetha Prokofievna ”
“Papa, how can you?” cried Adelaida, walking quickly up to the prince and holding out her hand.
He smiled absently at her; then suddenly he felt a burning sensation in his ear as an angry voice whispered:
“If you do not turn those dreadful people out of the house this very instant, I shall hate you all my life all my life!” It was Aglaya.
She seemed almost in a frenzy, but she turned away before the prince could look at her.
However, there was no one left to turn out of the house, for they had managed meanwhile to get Hippolyte into the cab, and it had driven off.
“Well, how much longer is this going to last, Ivan Fedorovitch?
What do you think?
Shall I soon be delivered from these odious youths?”
“My dear, I am quite ready; naturally... the prince.”
Ivan Fedorovitch held out his hand to Muishkin, but ran after his wife, who was leaving with every sign of violent indignation, before he had time to shake it.
Adelaida, her fiance, and Alexandra, said good-bye to their host with sincere friendliness.

There!
I knew you must be a sister of the fairies.
Does your fairy godmother have a fairy wand?
Cinderella.
Yes, and she does wonderful things with it but my father and mother do not know about her.
Prince.
Of course not.
Only very young people know about fairy godmothers.
But we know, don't we?
Cinderella.
Hark!
I hear the chimes ringing.

When his twentieth birthday was passed the Queen thought it was time that he should be married, so she commanded that the portraits of several princesses should be brought for him to see, and among the others was a picture of the Dear Little Princess!
Now, she was the daughter of a great king, and would some day possess several kingdoms herself; but Prince Hyacinth had not a thought to spare for anything of that sort, he was so much struck with her beauty.
The Princess, whom he thought quite charming, had, however, a little saucy nose, which, in her face, was the prettiest thing possible, but it was a cause of great embarrassment to the courtiers, who had got into such a habit of laughing at little noses that they sometimes found themselves laughing at hers before they had time to think; but this did not do at all before the Prince, who quite failed to see the joke, and actually banished two of his courtiers who had dared to mention disrespectfully the Dear Little Princess’s tiny nose!
The others, taking warning from this, learned to think twice before they spoke, and one even went so far as to tell the Prince that, though it was quite true that no man could be worth anything unless he had a long nose, still, a woman’s beauty was a different thing; and he knew a learned man who understood Greek and had read in some old manuscripts that the beautiful Cleopatra herself had a “tip-tilted” nose!
The Prince made him a splendid present as a reward for this good news, and at once sent ambassadors to ask the Dear Little Princess in marriage.
The King, her father, gave his consent; and Prince Hyacinth, who, in his anxiety to see the Princess, had gone three leagues to meet her was just advancing to kiss her hand when, to the horror of all who stood by, the enchanter appeared as suddenly as a flash of lightning, and, snatching up the Dear Little Princess, whirled her away out of their sight!
The Prince was left quite unconsolable, and declared that nothing should induce him to go back to his kingdom until he had found her again, and refusing to allow any of his courtiers to follow him, he mounted his horse and rode sadly away, letting the animal choose his own path.
So it happened that he came presently to a great plain, across which he rode all day long without seeing a single house, and horse and rider were terribly hungry, when, as the night fell, the Prince caught sight of a light, which seemed to shine from a cavern.
He rode up to it, and saw a little old woman, who appeared to be at least a hundred years old.
She put on her spectacles to look at Prince Hyacinth, but it was quite a long time before she could fix them securely because her nose was so very short.
The Prince and the Fairy (for that was who she was) had no sooner looked at one another than they went into fits of laughter, and cried at the same moment, “Oh, what a funny nose!”
“Not so funny as your own,” said Prince Hyacinth to the Fairy; “but, madam, I beg you to leave the consideration of our noses such as they are and to be good enough to give me something to eat, for I am starving, and so is my poor horse.”
“With all my heart,” said the Fairy.
“Though your nose is so ridiculous you are, nevertheless, the son of my best friend.

She wiped his mouth with a handkerchief, saying, "You must show me that handkerchief to-morrow morning, or else you will lose your head."
With that she put it in her bosom.
The Prince went to bed in great sorrow, but Jack's cap of knowledge informed him how it was to be obtained.
In the middle of the night she called upon her familiar spirit to carry her to Lucifer.
But Jack put on his coat of darkness and his shoes of swiftness, and was there as soon as she was.
When she entered the place of the demon, she gave the handkerchief to him, and he laid it upon a shelf, whence Jack took it and brought it to his master, who showed it to the lady next day, and so saved his life.
On that day, she gave the Prince a kiss and told him he must show her the lips to-morrow morning that she kissed last night, or lose his head.
"Ah!"
he replied, "if you kiss none but mine, I will."
"That is neither here nor there," said she; "if you do not, death's your portion!"
At midnight she went as before, and was angry with the demon for letting the handkerchief go.
"But now," quoth she, "I will be too hard for the King's son, for I will kiss thee and he is to show me thy lips."

The Princess went down and told her nurse, and the nurse at once locked the great door of the tower and put the key in her pocket.
"Let them take care of themselves," she said, when the Princess begged to be allowed to go out and help to take care of the children.
"My business is to take care of you, my precious, and I'm going to do it.
Old as I am, I can turn a key still."
So Sabrinetta went up again to the top of her tower, and cried whenever she thought of the children and the fiery dragon.
For she knew, of course, that the gates of the town were not dragonproof, and that the dragon could just walk in whenever he liked.
The children ran straight to the palace, where the Prince was cracking his hunting whip down at the kennels, and told him what had happened.
"Good sport," said the Prince, and he ordered out his pack of hippopotamuses at once.
It was his custom to hunt big game with hippopotamuses, and people would not have minded that so much but he would swagger about in the streets of the town with his pack yelping and gamboling at his heels, and when he did that, the green-grocer, who had his stall in the marketplace, always regretted it; and the crockery merchant, who spread his wares on the pavement, was ruined for life every time the Prince chose to show off his pack.
The Prince rode out of the town with his hippopotamuses trotting and frisking behind him, and people got inside their houses as quickly as they could when they heard the voices of his pack and the blowing of his horn.
The pack squeezed through the town gates and off across country to hunt the dragon.
Few of you who had not seen a pack of hippopotamuses in full cry will be able to imagine at all what the hunt was like.

I had come to the conclusion that he had dropped asleep, and indeed was nodding myself, when he suddenly sprang out of his chair with the gesture of a man who has made up his mind and put his pipe down upon the mantelpiece.
“Sarasate plays at the St. James’s Hall this afternoon,” he remarked.
“What do you think, Watson?
Could your patients spare you for a few hours?”
“I have nothing to do to-day.
My practice is never very absorbing.”
“Then put on your hat and come.
I am going through the City first, and we can have some lunch on the way.
I observe that there is a good deal of German music on the programme, which is rather more to my taste than Italian or French.
It is introspective, and I want to introspect.
Come along!”
We travelled by the Underground as far as Aldersgate; and a short walk took us to Saxe-Coburg Square, the scene of the singular story which we had listened to in the morning.
It was a poky, little, shabby-genteel place, where four lines of dingy two-storied brick houses looked out into a small railed-in enclosure, where a lawn of weedy grass and a few clumps of faded laurel bushes made a hard fight against a smoke-laden and uncongenial atmosphere.
Three gilt balls and a brown board with “JABEZ WILSON” in white letters, upon a corner house, announced the place where our red-headed client carried on his business.
Sherlock Holmes stopped in front of it with his head on one side and looked it all over, with his eyes shining brightly between puckered lids.

“I tell you, you can!”
Dickon’s round eyes were full of eager curiousness but he said not a word.
Ben Weatherstaff looked on with interested face.
Colin persevered.
After he had turned a few trowelfuls of soil he spoke exultantly to Dickon in his best Yorkshire.
“Tha’ said as tha’d have me walkin’ about here same as other folk—an’
tha’ said tha’d have me diggin’.
I thowt tha’ was just leein’ to please me.
This is only th’ first day an’ I’ve walked—an’ here I am diggin’.”
Ben Weatherstaff’s mouth fell open again when he heard him, but he ended by chuckling.
“Eh!” he said, “that sounds as if tha’d got wits enow.
Tha’rt a Yorkshire lad for sure.
An’ tha’rt diggin’, too.
How’d tha’ like to plant a bit o’ somethin’?
I can get thee a rose in a pot.”
“Go and get it!” said Colin, digging excitedly.

"Nothing has happened," answered the Prince somewhat dolefully.
"And are you very unhappy, my boy?"
"So unhappy, that I was just thinking whether I could not jump down to the bottom of the tower."
"You must be content to stay where you are," said the little old woman, "for you are a prince, and must behave as such where is your traveling-cloak?"
Prince Dolor blushed.
"I I put it away in the cupboard; I suppose it is there still."
"You have never used it; you dislike it?"
He hesitated, not wishing to be impolite.
"Don't you think it's just a little old and shabby for a prince?"
The old woman laughed very sweetly.
"Why, if all the princes in the world craved for it, they couldn't get it, unless I gave it to them.
Old and shabby!

"Hand me down the whiskey, Jim," said the Colonel, rising slowly.
The negro flew to the closet joyfully, and brought out the bottle.
The Colonel poured out a glass of the spirit and drank it with his old deliberation.
"You're quite right, Jim," he said, putting down his glass, "but I'm er getting old and somehow I am missing poor Stryker damnably!"
THE DUPLICITY OF HARGRAVES 
By O. Henry (1862-1910)
[From The Junior Munsey, February, 1902.
Republished in the volume, Sixes and Sevens (1911), by O. Henry; copyright, 1911, by Doubleday, Page & Co.; reprinted by their permission.]
When Major Pendleton Talbot, of Mobile, sir, and his daughter, Miss Lydia Talbot, came to Washington to reside, they selected for a boarding place a house that stood fifty yards back from one of the quietest avenues.
It was an old-fashioned brick building, with a portico upheld by tall white pillars.
The yard was shaded by stately locusts and elms, and a catalpa tree in season rained its pink and white blossoms upon the grass.
Rows of high box bushes lined the fence and walks.
It was the Southern style and aspect of the place that pleased the eyes of the Talbots.
In this pleasant private boarding house they engaged rooms, including a study for Major Talbot, who was adding the finishing 
Major Talbot was of the old, old South.

I have been thinking things over for a     long while, and I have come to the conclusion that I have been     very thoughtless to wait so long before doing what I have made     up my mind to do now."
"What do you make of that, Jeeves?"
"It seems a little obscure at present, sir, but no doubt it becomes cleared at a later point in the communication."
"It becomes as clear as mud!"
said Rocky.
"Proceed, old scout," I said, champing my bread and butter.
"You know how all my life I have longed to visit New York and see     for myself the wonderful gay life of which I have read so much.
I     fear that now it will be impossible for me to fulfil my dream.
I     am old and worn out.
I seem to have no strength left in me."
"Sad, Jeeves, what?"
"Extremely, sir."

When he got into the wood, he began at once to cut, but the axe broke in two, then he took the wedge, and struck it once with the mallet, and it became as short and as small as sand.
Then he was much troubled and believed he would have to die, and sat down and wept.
Now when it was noon the King said, “One of you girls must take him something to eat.” “No,” said the two eldest, “We will not take it to him; the one by whom he last watched, can take him something.” Then the youngest was forced to go and take him something to eat.
When she got into the forest, she asked him how he was getting on?
“Oh,” said he, “I am getting on very badly.” Then she said he was to come and just eat a little.
“Nay,” said he, “I cannot do that, I shall still have to die, so I will eat no more.” Then she spoke so kindly to him and begged him just to try, that he came and ate something.
When he had eaten something she said, “I will comb thy hair a while, and then thou wilt feel happier.”
So she combed his hair, and he became weary and fell asleep, and then she took her handkerchief and made a knot in it, and struck it three times on the earth, and said, “Earth-workers, come forth.” In a moment, numbers of little earth-men came forth, and asked what the King’s daughter commanded?
Then said she, “In three hours’ time the great forest must be cut down, and the whole of the wood laid in heaps.” So the little earth-men went about and got together the whole of their kindred to help them with the work.
They began at once, and when the three hours were over, all was done, and they came back to the King’s daughter and told her so.
Then she took her white handkerchief again and said, “Earth-workers, go home.” On this they all disappeared.
When the King’s son awoke, he was delighted, and she said, “Come home when it has struck six o’clock.” He did as she told him, and then the King asked, “Hast thou made away with the forest?” “Yes,” said the King’s son.
When they were sitting at table, the King said, “I cannot yet give thee my daughter to wife, thou must still do something more for her sake.” So he asked what it was to be, then?

Truly it is against rule.
But he is denounced and gravely by the Citizen and Citizeness Defarge.
And by one other.”
“What other?”
“Do you ask, Citizen Doctor?”
“Yes.”
“Then,” said he of Saint Antoine, with a strange look, “you will be answered to-morrow.
Now, I am dumb!”
VIII.
A Hand at Cards 
Happily unconscious of the new calamity at home, Miss Pross threaded her way along the narrow streets and crossed the river by the bridge of the Pont-Neuf, reckoning in her mind the number of indispensable purchases she had to make.
Mr. Cruncher, with the basket, walked at her side.
They both looked to the right and to the left into most of the shops they passed, had a wary eye for all gregarious assemblages of people, and turned out of their road to avoid any very excited group of talkers.
It was a raw evening, and the misty river, blurred to the eye with blazing lights and to the ear with harsh noises, showed where the barges were stationed in which the smiths worked, making guns for the Army of the Republic.
Woe to the man who played tricks with that Army, or got undeserved promotion in it!
Better for him that his beard had never grown, for the National Razor shaved him close.
Having purchased a few small articles of grocery, and a measure of oil for the lamp, Miss Pross bethought herself of the wine they wanted.
After peeping into several wine-shops, she stopped at the sign of the Good Republican Brutus of Antiquity, not far from the National Palace, once (and twice) the Tuileries, where the aspect of things rather took her fancy.

Are you not ashamed?
You barbarian!
You tyrant!
You have robbed me of all I possessed you have sucked my bones to the marrow.
How long shall I be your victim?
Shameless, dishonourable man!”
“Marfa Borisovna!
Marfa Borisovna!
Here is... the Prince Muishkin!
General Ivolgin and Prince Muishkin,” stammered the disconcerted old man.
“Would you believe,” said the mistress of the house, suddenly addressing the prince, “would you believe that that man has not even spared my orphan children?
He has stolen everything I possessed, sold everything, pawned everything; he has left me nothing nothing!
What am I to do with your IOU’s, you cunning, unscrupulous rogue?

'No,' said the King, 'I scorn thy favour on such terms.'
And then that mean old thing stabbed him to the heart, and so he was dead; and the Princess said, 'You puffickly hideous old horrid thing, I won't marry you, anyway!'
and then she fell down and perspired wizout a sigh.
And that's all.
And the mermaid turned them into palm-trees, because that was all she knew how to do, don't you know?
and that's all.
Aren't you going to get me something to eat?
can't we have it up here in this place?
aren't you glad I'm here to keep you company and tell you stories?
don't you say hurrah for us, dwarf?
I do; hurrah!"
MILKING THE COW.

said the boy: and he drew himself up by it, and stood firm on his feet, and went on climbing toward the blue peaks of the mountains.
THE SHADOW 
An Angel heard a child crying one day, and came to see what ailed it.
He found the little one sitting on the ground, with the sun at its back (for the day was young), looking at its own shadow, which lay on the ground before it, and weeping bitterly.
"What ails you, little one?"
asked the Angel.
"The world is so dark!"
said the child.
"See, it is all dusky gray, and there is no beauty in it.
Why must I stay in this sad, gray world?"
"Do you not hear the birds singing, and the other children calling at their play?"
asked the Angel.
"Yes," said the child; "I hear them, but I do not know where they are.

In fact, in the whole of that floor there was no one to be found save a crippled wretch of hideous aspect, who, it seems, made his home there.
Both he and the Lascar stoutly swore that no one else had been in the front room during the afternoon.
So determined was their denial that the inspector was staggered, and had almost come to believe that Mrs. St. Clair had been deluded when, with a cry, she sprang at a small deal box which lay upon the table and tore the lid from it.
Out there fell a cascade of children’s bricks.
It was the toy which he had promised to bring home.
“This discovery, and the evident confusion which the cripple showed, made the inspector realise that the matter was serious.
The rooms were carefully examined, and results all pointed to an abominable crime.
The front room was plainly furnished as a sitting-room and led into a small bedroom, which looked out upon the back of one of the wharves.
Between the wharf and the bedroom window is a narrow strip, which is dry at low tide but is covered at high tide with at least four and a half feet of water.
The bedroom window was a broad one and opened from below.
On examination traces of blood were to be seen upon the windowsill, and several scattered drops were visible upon the wooden floor of the bedroom.
Thrust away behind a curtain in the front room were all the clothes of Mr. Neville St. Clair, with the exception of his coat.

Out it went to the plains and chased them out of their homes in the buffalo skulls.
At last the Beavers' dams broke under the strain and that made everything worse.
It was bad very bad, indeed.
Everybody except the fish-people were frightened and all went to find OLD-man that they might tell him what had happened.
Finally they found his fire, far up on a timbered bench, and they said that they wanted a council right away.
"It was a strange sight to see the Eagle sitting next to the Grouse; the Rabbit sitting close to the Lynx; the Mouse right under the very nose of the Bobcat, and the tiny Humming-bird talking to the Hawk in a whisper, as though they had always been great friends.
All about OLD-man's fire they sat and whispered or talked in signs.
Even the Deer spoke to the Mountain-lion, and the Antelope told the Wolf that he was glad to see him, because fear had made them all friends.
"The whispering and the sign-making stopped when OLD-man raised his hand-like that" (here War Eagle raised his hand with the palm outward) "and asked them what was troubling them.
"The Bear spoke first, of course, and told how the water had made him move his camp.
He said all the animal-people were moving their homes, and he was afraid they would be unable to find good camping-places, because of the water.
Then the Beaver spoke, because he is wise and all the forest-people know it.

Amongst the visions which passed before my eyes, that was the most comforting in which a young man came and set me free, and when I opened my eyes to-day I saw thee, and beheld my dream fulfilled.
Help me to accomplish the other things which happened in those visions.
The first is that we lift the glass chest in which my castle is enclosed, on to that broad stone.”
As soon as the stone was laden, it began to rise up on high with the maiden and the young man, and mounted through the opening of the ceiling into the upper hall, from whence they then could easily reach the open air.
Here the maiden opened the lid, and it was marvellous to behold how the castle, the houses, and the farm buildings which were enclosed, stretched themselves out and grew to their natural size with the greatest rapidity.
After this, the maiden and the tailor returned to the cave beneath the earth, and had the vessels which were filled with smoke carried up by the stone.
The maiden had scarcely opened the bottles when the blue smoke rushed out and changed itself into living men, in whom she recognized her servants and her people.
Her joy was still more increased when her brother, who had killed the magician in the form of the bull, came out of the forest towards them in his human form, and on the self-same day the maiden, in accordance with her promise, gave her hand at the altar to the lucky tailor.
164 Lazy Harry 
Harry was lazy, and although he had nothing else to do but drive his goat daily to pasture, he nevertheless groaned when he went home after his day’s work was done.
“It is indeed a heavy burden,” said he, “and a wearisome employment to drive a goat into the field this way year after year, till late into the autumn!
If one could but lie down and sleep, but no, one must have one’s eyes open lest it hurts the young trees, or squeezes itself through the hedge into a garden, or runs away altogether.
How can one have any rest, or peace of one’s life?” He seated himself, collected his thoughts, and considered how he could set his shoulders free from this burden.
For a long time all thinking was to no purpose, but suddenly it was as if scales fell from his eyes.

"Thank you!
All the same, some compassion is due to me, for you see I have no more wood with which to finish roasting my mutton, and to tell you the truth, under the circumstances you would have been of great use to me!
However, I have had pity on you, so I must have patience.
Instead of you I will burn under the spit one of the puppets belonging to my company.
Ho there, gendarmes!"
At this call two wooden gendarmes immediately appeared.
They were very long and very thin and had on cocked hats, and held unsheathed swords in their hands.
The showman said to them in a hoarse voice:
"Take Harlequin, bind him securely, and then throw him on the fire to burn.
I am determined that my mutton shall be well roasted."
Only imagine that poor Harlequin!
His terror was so great that his legs bent under him, and he fell with his face on the ground.
At this agonizing sight Pinocchio, weeping bitterly, threw himself at the showman's feet, and bathing his long beard with his tears he began to say in a supplicating voice:
"Have pity, Sir Fire-eater!"

She stood and stared at him for a minute, looking both surprised and displeased, then walked on, saying sharply, "How do you know?"
"Saw it."
"Where?"
"Pocket."
"All this time?"
"Yes, isn't that romantic?"
"No, it's horrid."
"Don't you like it?"
"Of course I don't.
It's ridiculous, it won't be allowed.
My patience!
What would Meg say?"

I like my needles best."
And the little tree went to sleep.
The fairy gave it what it wanted.
When it woke, it had its needles again.
Then the little pine tree was happy.
THE LITTLE MATCH GIRL.
almost        match           across           dark          running         bare           year          slippers        fell 
It was very cold.
The snow fell and it was almost dark.
It was the last day of the year.
A little match girl was running in the street.
Her name was Gretchen.
She had no hat on.

They soon wished themselves back again, and after a month had passed they said it was much more beautiful down below and pleasanter to be at home.
Yet often, in the evening hours, the five sisters would twine their arms about each other and rise to the surface together.
Their voices were more charming than that of any human being, and before the approach of a storm, when they feared that a ship might be lost, they swam before the vessel, singing enchanting songs of the delights to be found in the depths of the sea and begging the voyagers not to fear if they sank to the bottom.
But the sailors could not understand the song and thought it was the sighing of the storm.
These things were never beautiful to them, for if the ship sank, the men were drowned and their dead bodies alone reached the palace of the Sea King.
When the sisters rose, arm in arm, through the water, their youngest sister would stand quite alone, looking after them, ready to cry only, since mermaids have no tears, she suffered more acutely.
"Oh, were I but fifteen years old!"
said she.
"I know that I shall love the world up there, and all the people who live in it."
At last she reached her fifteenth year.
"Well, now you are grown up," said the old dowager, her grandmother.
"Come, and let me adorn you like your sisters."

“Why, this is simply beautiful; look at that, Gania, there’s real talent there!”
On a sheet of thick writing-paper the prince had written in medieval characters the legend:
“The gentle Abbot Pafnute signed this.”
“There,” explained the prince, with great delight and animation, “there, that’s the abbot’s real signature from a manuscript of the fourteenth century.
All these old abbots and bishops used to write most beautifully, with such taste and so much care and diligence.
Have you no copy of Pogodin, general?
If you had one I could show you another type.
Stop a bit here you have the large round writing common in France during the eighteenth century.
Some of the letters are shaped quite differently from those now in use.
It was the writing current then, and employed by public writers generally.
I copied this from one of them, and you can see how good it is.
Look at the well-rounded a and d. I have tried to translate the French character into the Russian letters a difficult thing to do, but I think I have succeeded fairly.
Here is a fine sentence, written in a good, original hand ‘Zeal triumphs over all.’ That is the script of the Russian War Office.
That is how official documents addressed to important personages should be written.
The letters are round, the type black, and the style somewhat remarkable.

What did you write about?”
“I am not finessing, and I am not in the least afraid of telling you; but I don’t see the slightest reason why I should not have written.”
“Be quiet, you can talk afterwards!
What was the letter about?
Why are you blushing?”
The prince was silent.
At last he spoke.
“I don’t understand your thoughts, Lizabetha Prokofievna; but I can see that the fact of my having written is for some reason repugnant to you.
You must admit that I have a perfect right to refuse to answer your questions; but, in order to show you that I am neither ashamed of the letter, nor sorry that I wrote it, and that I am not in the least inclined to blush about it” (here the prince’s blushes redoubled), “I will repeat the substance of my letter, for I think I know it almost by heart.”
So saying, the prince repeated the letter almost word for word, as he had written it.
“My goodness, what utter twaddle, and what may all this nonsense have signified, pray?
If it had any meaning at all!” said Mrs. Epanchin, cuttingly, after having listened with great attention.
“I really don’t absolutely know myself; I know my feeling was very sincere.
I had moments at that time full of life and hope.”
“What sort of hope?”
“It is difficult to explain, but certainly not the hopes you have in your mind.
Hopes well, in a word, hopes for the future, and a feeling of joy that there, at all events, I was not entirely a stranger and a foreigner.
I felt an ecstasy in being in my native land once more; and one sunny morning I took up a pen and wrote her that letter, but why to her, I don’t quite know.

Beth is my conscience, and I can't give her up.
I can't!
I can't!"
Down went Jo's face into the wet handkerchief, and she cried despairingly, for she had kept up bravely till now and never shed a tear.
Laurie drew his hand across his eyes, but could not speak till he had subdued the choky feeling in his throat and steadied his lips.
It might be unmanly, but he couldn't help it, and I am glad of it.
Presently, as Jo's sobs quieted, he said hopefully, "I don't think she will die.
She's so good, and we all love her so much, I don't believe God will take her away yet."
"The good and dear people always do die," groaned Jo, but she stopped crying, for her friend's words cheered her up in spite of her own doubts and fears.
"Poor girl, you're worn out.
It isn't like you to be forlorn.
Stop a bit.

"'You have done a great deal for your country, sir,' I said, feeling respect now, instead of pity."
"'Not a mite more than I ought, ma'am.
I'd go myself, if I was any use.
As I ain't, I give my boys, and give 'em free.'"
"He spoke so cheerfully, looked so sincere, and seemed so glad to give his all, that I was ashamed of myself.
I'd given one man and thought it too much, while he gave four without grudging them.
I had all my girls to comfort me at home, and his last son was waiting, miles away, to say good-by to him, perhaps!
I felt so rich, so happy thinking of my blessings, that I made him a nice bundle, gave him some money, and thanked him heartily for the lesson he had taught me."
"Tell another story, Mother, one with a moral to it, like this.
I like to think about them afterward, if they are real and not too preachy,"
said Jo, after a minute's silence.
Mrs. March smiled and began at once, for she had told stories to this little audience for many years, and knew how to please them.
"Once upon a time, there were four girls, who had enough to eat and drink and wear, a good many comforts and pleasures, kind friends and parents who loved them dearly, and yet they were not contented."

But not only is the sea such a foe to man who is an alien to it, but it is also a fiend to its own off-spring; worse than the Persian host who murdered his own guests; sparing not the creatures which itself hath spawned.
Like a savage tigress that tossing in the jungle overlays her own cubs, so the sea dashes even the mightiest whales against the rocks, and leaves them there side by side with the split wrecks of ships.
No mercy, no power but its own controls it.
Panting and snorting like a mad battle steed that has lost its rider, the masterless ocean overruns the globe.
Consider the subtleness of the sea; how its most dreaded creatures glide under water, unapparent for the most part, and treacherously hidden beneath the loveliest tints of azure.
Consider also the devilish brilliance and beauty of many of its most remorseless tribes, as the dainty embellished shape of many species of sharks.
Consider, once more, the universal cannibalism of the sea; all whose creatures prey upon each other, carrying on eternal war since the world began.
Consider all this; and then turn to this green, gentle, and most docile earth; consider them both, the sea and the land; and do you not find a strange analogy to something in yourself?
For as this appalling ocean surrounds the verdant land, so in the soul of man there lies one insular Tahiti, full of peace and joy, but encompassed by all the horrors of the half known life.
God keep thee!
Push not off from that isle, thou canst never return!
CHAPTER 59.

The wind was left behind and even the swallow, the sweet, winged passenger, must not aspire to do the same.
Our hero flew like a cloud high up into the sky, his silver-chained mail rattling, his fair curls floating in the wind.
He arrived at the Tsarevna's high hall, struck his horse once more, and oh!
how the wild horse did jump!
Look there!
the fellow reaches all the circles; he is near the window; he presses the beautiful Tsarevna with his strong arms, kisses her on the sugar lips, exchanges golden rings, and like a storm sweeps through the fields.
There, there, he is crushing every one on his way!
And the Tsarevna?
Well, she did not object.
She even adorned his forehead with a diamond star.
The people roared: "Take hold of him!"
But the fellow had already disappeared and no traces were left behind.

The next Place we came to was Gaffer Cook's Cottage; there you see it before you.
Here a number of poor Children were met to learn; who all came round Little Margery at once; and, having pulled out her Letters, she asked the little Boy next her, what he had for Dinner?
Who answered, Bread.
(the poor Children in many Places live very hard) Well then, says she, set the first Letter.
He put up the Letter B, to which the next added r, and the next e, the next a, the next d, and it stood thus, Bread.
And what had you Polly Comb for your Dinner?
Apple-pye answered the little Girl: Upon which the next in Turn set up a great A, the two next a p each, and so on till the two Words Apple and Pye were united and stood thus, Apple-pye.
The next had Potatoes, the next Beef and Turnip which were spelt with many others, till the Game of Spelling was finished.
She then set them another Task, and we proceeded.
The next Place we came to was Farmer Thompson's, where there were a great many little ones waiting for her.
So little Mrs. Goody Two-Shoes, says one of them, where have you been so long?
I have been teaching, says she, longer than I intended, and am afraid I am come too soon for you now.

I suppose I shall have to sit on this one too, but it won't be at all comfortable."
"I wouldn't," said one of her neighbors, a Yellow Warbler.
"I left my nest once when such a thing happened to me, and built a new one for my own eggs."
"Oh dear!"
cried Mrs. Goldfinch, "we have built two already, and I cannot build another."
"Well, whatever you do," said a Vireo, "don't hatch the big egg out with your own.
I did once, and such a time as I had!
The young Cowbird pushed two of my little Vireos out onto the ground, and ate so much that I was quite worn out by the work of hunting for him."
"My dear," said Mr. Goldfinch, "I have an excellent plan.
We will put another floor in our nest, right over this egg, and then by adding a bit all around the sides we can have plenty of room for our own children.
It will be much less work than beginning all over again, and then the Cowbird's egg will be too cool to hatch."
Everybody called this a most clever plan, and Mr. Goldfinch was very proud to have thought of it.

“This is what tha’s after.
Tha’ll get more out o’ this than tha’ will out o’ silk velvet coats.
There now,” and he pushed the rubber tip of the bottle into the nuzzling mouth and the lamb began to suck it with ravenous ecstasy.
After that there was no wondering what to say.
By the time the lamb fell asleep questions poured forth and Dickon answered them all.
He told them how he had found the lamb just as the sun was rising three mornings ago.
He had been standing on the moor listening to a skylark and watching him swing higher and higher into the sky until he was only a speck in the heights of blue.
“I’d almost lost him but for his song an’ I was wonderin’ how a chap could hear it when it seemed as if he’d get out o’ th’ world in a minute—an’ just then I heard somethin’ else far off among th’ gorse bushes.
It was a weak bleatin’ an’ I knowed it was a new lamb as was hungry an’ I knowed it wouldn’t be hungry if it hadn’t lost its mother somehow, so I set off searchin’.
Eh!
I did have a look for it.
I went in an’ out among th’ gorse bushes an’ round an’ round an’ I always seemed to take th’ wrong turnin’.

"So be it; that's what I came here for."
"And thy price?"
"A hundred rubles a day will be sufficient for me."
"Why so much?"
"If too much, go and look for some one else; plenty of people were around and when they saw thee coming, all of them rushed away."
"All right.
To-morrow come to the landing place."
The next day, early in the morning, our merchant's son arrived at the landing; the very rich merchant was already there waiting.
They boarded a ship and went to sea.
For quite a long time they journeyed, and finally they perceived an island.
Upon that island there were high mountains, and near the shore something seemed to be in flames.
"Yonder is something like fire," said the merchant's son.

"They ought to have told me, and not let me go blundering and scolding, when I should have been more kind and patient than ever.
I never did like that Miss Randal and now I hate her!"
said artful Amy, wishing to be sure of her facts this time.
"Hang Miss Randal!"
and Laurie knocked the hat off his face with a look that left no doubt of his sentiments toward that young lady.
"I beg pardon, I thought..." and there she paused diplomatically.
"No, you didn't, you knew perfectly well I never cared for anyone but Jo," Laurie said that in his old, impetuous tone, and turned his face away as he spoke.
"I did think so, but as they never said anything about it, and you came away, I supposed I was mistaken.
And Jo wouldn't be kind to you?
Why, I was sure she loved you dearly."
"She was kind, but not in the right way, and it's lucky for her she didn't love me, if I'm the good-for-nothing fellow you think me.
It's her fault though, and you may tell her so."

The estate at Delaford was never reckoned more than two thousand a year, and his brother left everything sadly involved.
I do think he must have been sent for about money matters, for what else can it be?
I wonder whether it is so.
I would give anything to know the truth of it.
Perhaps it is about Miss Williams and, by the bye, I dare say it is, because he looked so conscious when I mentioned her.
May be she is ill in town; nothing in the world more likely, for I have a notion she is always rather sickly.
I would lay any wager it is about Miss Williams.
It is not so very likely he should be distressed in his circumstances NOW, for he is a very prudent man, and to be sure must have cleared the estate by this time.
I wonder what it can be!
May be his sister is worse at Avignon, and has sent for him over.
His setting off in such a hurry seems very like it.
Well, I wish him out of all his trouble with all my heart, and a good wife into the bargain."

“To avoid another lawsuit about the Pavlicheff estate, I ran away,” he said.
“With a few more inheritances of that kind I should soon be ruined!”
At this point General Epanchin, noticing how interested Muishkin had become in the conversation, said to him, in a low tone:
“That gentleman Ivan Petrovitch is a relation of your late friend, Mr.
Pavlicheff.
You wanted to find some of his relations, did you not?”
The general, who had been talking to his chief up to this moment, had observed the prince’s solitude and silence, and was anxious to draw him into the conversation, and so introduce him again to the notice of some of the important personages.
“Lef Nicolaievitch was a ward of Nicolai Andreevitch Pavlicheff, after the death of his own parents,” he remarked, meeting Ivan Petrovitch’s eye.
“Very happy to meet him, I’m sure,” remarked the latter.
“I remember Lef Nicolaievitch well.
When General Epanchin introduced us just now, I recognized you at once, prince.
You are very little changed, though I saw you last as a child of some ten or eleven years old.
There was something in your features, I suppose, that ”
“You saw me as a child!” exclaimed the prince, with surprise.
“Oh!
yes, long ago,” continued Ivan Petrovitch, “while you were living with my cousin at Zlatoverhoff.
You don’t remember me?

But remember that we do not beseech, we demand!
We do not beseech, we demand!”
With these last excited words, Lebedeff’s nephew was silent.
“We demand, we demand, we demand, we do not beseech,” spluttered Burdovsky, red as a lobster.
The speech of Lebedeff’s nephew caused a certain stir among the company; murmurs arose, though with the exception of Lebedeff, who was still very much excited, everyone was careful not to interfere in the matter.
Strangely enough, Lebedeff, although on the prince’s side, seemed quite proud of his nephew’s eloquence.
Gratified vanity was visible in the glances he cast upon the assembled company.
“In my opinion, Mr. Doktorenko,” said the prince, in rather a low voice, “you are quite right in at least half of what you say.
I would go further and say that you are altogether right, and that I quite agree with you, if there were not something lacking in your speech.
I cannot undertake to say precisely what it is, but you have certainly omitted something, and you cannot be quite just while there is something lacking.
But let us put that aside and return to the point.
Tell me what induced you to publish this article.
Every word of it is a calumny, and I think, gentlemen, that you have been guilty of a mean action.”
“Allow me ”
“Sir ”
“What?

"O Tsarevitch Ivan!"
prayed the fish, "have mercy upon me and push me back into the cool sea."
The Tsarevitch did so, and walked along the shore.
The ball, rolling all the time, brought Ivan to a hut, a queer, tiny hut standing on tiny hen's feet.
"Izboushka!
Izboushka!"
for so in Russia do they name small huts "Izboushka, I want thee to turn thy front to me," cried Ivan, and lo!
the tiny hut turned its front at once.
Ivan stepped in and saw a witch, one of the ugliest witches he could imagine.
"Ho!
Ivan Tsarevitch!
What brings thee here?"

I shall have something to say to you presently.
Who are all these with you?
The same party?
Let them come in and sit down.
There’s room on that sofa, there are some chairs and there’s another sofa!
Well, why don’t they sit down?”
Sure enough, some of the brave fellows entirely lost their heads at this point, and retreated into the next room.
Others, however, took the hint and sat down, as far as they could from the table, however; feeling braver in proportion to their distance from Nastasia.
Rogojin took the chair offered him, but he did not sit long; he soon stood up again, and did not reseat himself.
Little by little he began to look around him and discern the other guests.
Seeing Gania, he smiled venomously and muttered to himself, “Look at that!”
He gazed at Totski and the general with no apparent confusion, and with very little curiosity.
But when he observed that the prince was seated beside Nastasia Philipovna, he could not take his eyes off him for a long while, and was clearly amazed.
He could not account for the prince’s presence there.

He had been afraid the child might get hold of it, so had left it untouched on its shelf.
He missed the habit that had grown upon him of taking it out every day, holding it in his hand, polishing it, pressing the cold circle of the barrel against his temple, and fancying how it would be.
How often he could not tell how often!
he had said, "It shall be to-day!"
and had set things in decent order and looked forward to his journey.
But always he had decided to wait a little, and again a little; till the young birds were fledged, till they were flown, till the autumn trees brightened, till the snow was gone and he could find the first mayflowers once more.
The world was so fair, he still put off leaving it, since at any time he could go, since the key was in his hand, and rest under the crook of his finger.
But when the child was gone, he would not stay behind alone.
It would be different now; he must make haste to be gone on his journey that is, if there were a journey!
Some flight of the spirit from the crumpled, unsightly chrysalis, some waking in new, unthinkable conditions; unthinkable, not unimaginable.
He had no knowledge that he might not see his mother's face, and feel her hand on his head.
There was no proof against it.

"It's a nasty trade," said the chairman of the board.
"Young boys have been smothered in chimneys before now," said another member.
"That's because they damped the straw afore they lit it in the chimbley to make 'em come down again," said Gamfield.
"That's all smoke, and no blaze; vereas smoke only sinds him to sleep, and that ain't no use in making a boy come down.
Boys is wery obstinite and wery lazy, gen'l'men, and there's nothink like a good hot blaze to make 'em come down with a run.
It's humane, too, gen'l'men, acause, even if they've stuck in the chimbley, roasting their feet makes 'em struggle to hextricate theirselves."
The board consented to hand over Oliver to the chimney-sweep (the premium being reduced to £3 10s.
), but the magistrates declined to sanction the indentures, and it was Mr. Sowerberry, the undertaker, who finally relieved the board of their responsibility.
Mrs. Sowerberry's ill-treatment drove Oliver to flight.
He left the house in the early morning before anyone was stirring, struck across fields, and gained the high road outside the town.
A milestone intimated that it was seventy miles to London.
In London he would be beyond the reach of Mr. Bumble; to London he would trudge.

Poor Balaam.
He had made an early start that day, and for hours he stood in the sun awaiting relief.
When he opened his sleepy eyes and raised his expressive ears to a position of attention, the old familiar coat and battered hat of the elder were before him.
He lifted up his honest voice and cried aloud for joy.
The effect was electrical for one instant.
Elder Brown surveyed the beast with horror, but again in his understanding there rang out the trumpet words.
"Drunk, drunk, drunk, drer-unc, -er-unc, -unc, -unc."
He stooped instinctively for a missile with which to smite his accuser, but brought up suddenly with a jerk and a handful of sand.
Straightening himself up with a majestic dignity, he extended his right hand impressively.
"You're a goldarn liar, Balaam, and, blast your old buttons, you kin walk home by yourself, for I'm danged if you sh'll ride me er step."
Surely Coriolanus never turned his back upon Rome with a grander dignity than sat upon the old man's form as he faced about and left the brute to survey with anxious eyes the new departure of his master.
He saw the elder zigzag along the street, and beheld him about to turn a friendly corner.

What name would your friend like to put on it?"
in a careless tone.
"None at all, if you please, she doesn't wish her name to appear and has no nom de plume," said Jo, blushing in spite of herself.
"Just as she likes, of course.
The tale will be out next week.
Will you call for the money, or shall I send it?"
asked Mr. Dashwood, who felt a natural desire to know who his new contributor might be.
"I'll call.
Good morning, Sir."
As she departed, Mr. Dashwood put up his feet, with the graceful remark, "Poor and proud, as usual, but she'll do."
Following Mr. Dashwood's directions, and making Mrs. Northbury her model, Jo rashly took a plunge into the frothy sea of sensational literature, but thanks to the life preserver thrown her by a friend, she came up again not much the worse for her ducking.
Like most young scribblers, she went abroad for her characters and scenery, and banditti, counts, gypsies, nuns, and duchesses appeared upon her stage, and played their parts with as much accuracy and spirit as could be expected.

line!” cried Queequeg, looking over the gunwale; “him fast!
him fast!—Who line him!
Who struck?—Two whale; one big, one little!”
“What ails ye, man?” cried Starbuck.
“Look-e here,” said Queequeg, pointing down.
As when the stricken whale, that from the tub has reeled out hundreds of fathoms of rope; as, after deep sounding, he floats up again, and shows the slackened curling line buoyantly rising and spiralling towards the air; so now, Starbuck saw long coils of the umbilical cord of Madame Leviathan, by which the young cub seemed still tethered to its dam.
Not seldom in the rapid vicissitudes of the chase, this natural line, with the maternal end loose, becomes entangled with the hempen one, so that the cub is thereby trapped.
Some of the subtlest secrets of the seas seemed divulged to us in this enchanted pond.
We saw young Leviathan amours in the deep.
*
*The sperm whale, as with all other species of the Leviathan, but unlike most other fish, breeds indifferently at all seasons; after a gestation which may probably be set down at nine months, producing but one at a time; though in some few known instances giving birth to an Esau and Jacob:—a contingency provided for in suckling by two teats, curiously situated, one on each side of the anus; but the breasts themselves extend upwards from that.
When by chance these precious parts in a nursing whale are cut by the hunter’s lance, the mother’s pouring milk and blood rivallingly discolour the sea for rods.
The milk is very sweet and rich; it has been tasted by man; it might do well with strawberries.
When overflowing with mutual esteem, the whales salute more hominum.

Stella shook hands with him.
"And how is the poor, dear Prince?"
asked Mrs. Vanderley.
"What a terrible thing to have happened!"
"I rejoice to say that my high-born master is better.
He has regained consciousness and is sitting up and taking nourishment."
"That's good," said old Marshall.
"In a spoon only," sighed the Count.
"Mr. Marshall, with your permission I should like a word with Mr.
Sturgis."
"Mr.
Who?"

you have been present all day, and you ought to know.
You are a man of business, too.”
“And as such,” quoth Mr. Lorry, whom the counsel learned in the law had now shouldered back into the group, just as he had previously shouldered him out of it “as such I will appeal to Doctor Manette, to break up this conference and order us all to our homes.
Miss Lucie looks ill, Mr.
Darnay has had a terrible day, we are worn out.”
“Speak for yourself, Mr. Lorry,” said Stryver; “I have a night's work to do yet.
Speak for yourself.”
“I speak for myself,” answered Mr. Lorry, “and for Mr. Darnay, and for Miss Lucie, and Miss Lucie, do you not think I may speak for us all?”
 He asked her the question pointedly, and with a glance at her father.
His face had become frozen, as it were, in a very curious look at Darnay: an intent look, deepening into a frown of dislike and distrust, not even unmixed with fear.
With this strange expression on him his thoughts had wandered away.
“My father,” said Lucie, softly laying her hand on his.
He slowly shook the shadow off, and turned to her.
“Shall we go home, my father?”
With a long breath, he answered “Yes.”
The friends of the acquitted prisoner had dispersed, under the impression which he himself had originated that he would not be released that night.
The lights were nearly all extinguished in the passages, the iron gates were being closed with a jar and a rattle, and the dismal place was deserted until to-morrow morning's interest of gallows, pillory, whipping-post, and branding-iron, should repeople it.
Walking between her father and Mr. Darnay, Lucie Manette passed into the open air.
A hackney-coach was called, and the father and daughter departed in it.

No one knew me, for I disguised my voice, and no one dreamed of the silent, haughty Miss March (for they think I am very stiff and cool, most of them, and so I am to whippersnappers) could dance and dress, and burst out into a 'nice derangement of epitaphs, like an allegory on the banks of the Nile'.
I enjoyed it very much, and when we unmasked it was fun to see them stare at me.
I heard one of the young men tell another that he knew I'd been an actress, in fact, he thought he remembered seeing me at one of the minor theaters.
Meg will relish that joke.
Mr. Bhaer was Nick Bottom, and Tina was Titania, a perfect little fairy in his arms.
To see them dance was 'quite a landscape', to use a Teddyism.
I had a very happy New Year, after all, and when I thought it over in my room, I felt as if I was getting on a little in spite of my many failures, for I'm cheerful all the time now, work with a will, and take more interest in other people than I used to, which is satisfactory.
Bless you all!
Ever your loving...  Jo 
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR 
FRIEND 
Though very happy in the social atmosphere about her, and very busy with the daily work that earned her bread and made it sweeter for the effort, Jo still found time for literary labors.
The purpose which now took possession of her was a natural one to a poor and ambitious girl, but the means she took to gain her end were not the best.
She saw that money conferred power, money and power, therefore, she resolved to have, not to be used for herself alone, but for those whom she loved more than life.
The dream of filling home with comforts, giving Beth everything she wanted, from strawberries in winter to an organ in her bedroom, going abroad herself, and always having more than enough, so that she might indulge in the luxury of charity, had been for years Jo's most cherished castle in the air.

Hereupon they brighten up, and change their grieved looks into the broadest kind of smiles.
As for the story, I was there to hear it, hidden behind a bush, and shall tell it over to you in the pages that come next.
THE MIRACULOUS PITCHER 

One evening, in times long ago, old Philemon and his old wife Baucis sat at their cottage-door, enjoying the calm and beautiful sunset.
They had already eaten their frugal supper, and intended now to spend a quiet hour or two before bedtime.
So they talked together about their garden, and their cow, and their bees, and their grapevine, which clambered over the cottage-wall, and on which the grapes were beginning to turn purple.
But the rude shouts of children and the fierce barking of dogs, in the village near at hand, grew louder and louder, until, at last, it was hardly possible for Baucis and Philemon to hear each other speak.
"Ah, wife," cried Philemon, "I fear some poor traveler is seeking hospitality among our neighbors yonder, and, instead of giving him food and lodging, they have set their dogs at him, as their custom is!"
"Well-a-day!"
answered old Baucis, "I do wish our neighbors felt a little more kindness for their fellow-creatures.
And only think of bringing up their children in this naughty way, and patting them on the head when they fling stones at strangers!"
"Those children will never come to any good," said Philemon, shaking his white head.
"To tell you the truth, wife, I should not wonder if some terrible thing were to happen to all the people in the village unless they mend their manners.

It was spring-time, and the frost was just coming out of the ground.
A big flat rock was sticking out of a bank near a creek, and the sun had melted the frost from the earth about it, loosening it, so that it was about to fall.
The Chief-Mouse would sing a song, while all the other mice danced, and then the chief would cry 'now!'
and all the mice would run past the big rock.
On the other side, the Chief-Mouse would sing again, and then say 'now!'
back they would come right under the dangerous rock.
Sometimes little bits of dirt would crumble and fall near the rock, as though warning the mice that the rock was going to fall, but they paid no attention to the warning, and kept at their playing.
Finally OLD-man said:
"'Say, Chief-Mouse, I want to try that.
I want to play that game.
I am a good runner.'
"He wasn't, you know, but he thought he could run.
That is often where we make great mistakes when we try to do things we were not intended to do.

"I don't believe it's the right sort of love, and I'd rather not try it," was the decided answer.
There was a long pause, while a blackbird sung blithely on the willow by the river, and the tall grass rustled in the wind.
Presently Jo said very soberly, as she sat down on the step of the stile, "Laurie, I want to tell you something."
He started as if he had been shot, threw up his head, and cried out in a fierce tone, "Don't tell me that, Jo, I can't bear it now!"
"Tell what?"
she asked, wondering at his violence.
"That you love that old man."
"What old man?"
demanded Jo, thinking he must mean his grandfather.
"That devilish Professor you were always writing about.
If you say you love him, I know I shall do something desperate;" and he looked as if he would keep his word, as he clenched his hands with a wrathful spark in his eyes.
Jo wanted to laugh, but restrained herself and said warmly, for she too, was getting excited with all this, "Don't swear, Teddy!

There’s a governor!”
“Do you suppose Fedallah wants to kidnap Captain Ahab?”
“Do I suppose it?
You’ll know it before long, Flask.
But I am going now to keep a sharp look-out on him; and if I see anything very suspicious going on, I’ll just take him by the nape of his neck, and say—Look here, Beelzebub, you don’t do it; and if he makes any fuss, by the Lord I’ll make a grab into his pocket for his tail, take it to the capstan, and give him such a wrenching and heaving, that his tail will come short off at the stump—do you see; and then, I rather guess when he finds himself docked in that queer fashion, he’ll sneak off without the poor satisfaction of feeling his tail between his legs.”
“And what will you do with the tail, Stubb?”
“Do with it?
Sell it for an ox whip when we get home;—what else?”
“Now, do you mean what you say, and have been saying all along, Stubb?”
“Mean or not mean, here we are at the ship.”
The boats were here hailed, to tow the whale on the larboard side, where fluke chains and other necessaries were already prepared for securing him.
“Didn’t I tell you so?” said Flask; “yes, you’ll soon see this right whale’s head hoisted up opposite that parmacetti’s.”
In good time, Flask’s saying proved true.
As before, the Pequod steeply leaned over towards the sperm whale’s head, now, by the counterpoise of both heads, she regained her even keel; though sorely strained, you may well believe.
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke’s head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant’s and you come back again; but in very poor plight.
Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat.
Oh, ye foolish!
throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right.
In disposing of the body of a right whale, when brought alongside the ship, the same preliminary proceedings commonly take place as in the case of a sperm whale; only, in the latter instance, the head is cut off whole, but in the former the lips and tongue are separately removed and hoisted on deck, with all the well known black bone attached to what is called the crown-piece.
But nothing like this, in the present case, had been done.

Who ever heard of its raining goolgoolahs?
The one statement is as false as the other."
After this his mother advised him to return to his wife, who must wonder what had become of him.
"And mind," she said, "whatever your wife may say, you must agree, and say 'Acchabat'" or "Quite right,"
as we English would say "Good!"
or "Very good news!"
So he returned to his wife, and the first piece of news she gave him was that her mother had been put into prison, to which he replied, "Acchabat," or "Very good."
On this his wife was exceedingly vexed, and turned him out of the house.
He returned to his mother, who asked him what had happened.
She said:
"You are indeed a foolish boy, you should have said, 'Ah ha!
Ah ha!
this is indeed sad news.'
I hope you will remember next time what I have told you."

However, at this Instant, the Shoemaker very opportunely came in with the new Shoes, for which she had been measured by the Gentleman's Order.
Nothing could have supported Little Margery under the Affliction she was in for the Loss of her Brother, but the Pleasure she took in her two Shoes.
She ran out to Mrs. Smith as soon as they were put on, and stroking down her ragged Apron thus, cried out, Two Shoes, Mame, see two Shoes.
And so she behaved to all the People she met, and by that Means obtained the Name of Goody Two-Shoes, though her Playmates called her Old Goody Two-Shoes.
Little Margery was very happy in being with Mr. and Mrs.
Smith, who were very charitable and good to her, and had agreed to breed her up with their Family; but as soon as that Tyrant of the Parish, that Graspall, heard of her being there, he applied first to Mr. Smith, and threatened to reduce his Tythes if he kept her; and after that he spoke to Sir Timothy, who sent Mr.
Smith a peremptory Message by his Servant, that he should send back Meanwell's Girl to be kept by her Relations, and not harbour her in the Parish.
This so distressed Mr. Smith that he shed Tears, and cried, Lord have Mercy on the Poor!
The Prayers of the Righteous fly upwards, and reach unto the Throne of Heaven, as will be seen in the Sequel.
Mrs. Smith was also greatly concerned at being thus obliged to discard poor Little Margery.
She kissed her and cried; as also did Mr. Smith, but they were obliged to send her away; for the People who had ruined her Father could at any Time have ruined them.
CHAP.
IV.
How Little Margery learned to read,                   and by Degrees taught others.

"Wilderness!
Yes, it is; it is.
It was a wilderness to me once.
I came here barefoot I have never forgotten it.
What's the matter, how did it all come about?"
said the old man, laying his hand on the shoulder of Nicholas, and walking him up the street.
"In mourning, too, eh?"
laying his finger on the sleeve of his black coat.
"My father," replied Nicholas.
"Bad thing for a young man to lose his father.
Widowed mother, perhaps?"
Nicholas nodded.

"Would your mother would she be very unhappy, if she should come home and find you gone, Snow-white?"
The child opened her eyes at him.
"Oh, I s'pose she'd go crazy distracted; but she isn't coming home, not a long time isn't she coming home; that's why I comed away, and I runned away, and I said what makes you look like that, dwarf?"
"I suppose I ought to send you home, Snow-white.
I suppose you ought to go this very day, don't you?"
He stopped abruptly, for the signs were ominous; the child's lower lip was going up in the middle and coming down at the corners; her eyes were growing wider and wider, rounder and rounder; now they began to glitter.
"Don't cry!"
said the man, hastily.
"Don't cry, Snow-white.
The other Snow-white never cried, you know."
The child sniffed tearfully.
"The other Snow-white never was treated so!"

"It was Dorothy," said the Lion gravely.
"Good gracious!"
exclaimed the man, and he bowed very low indeed before her.
Then he led them into his little room and locked the spectacles from the great box on all their eyes, just as he had done before.
Afterward they passed on through the gate into the Emerald City.
When the people heard from the Guardian of the Gates that Dorothy had melted the Wicked Witch of the West, they all gathered around the travelers and followed them in a great crowd to the Palace of Oz.
The soldier with the green whiskers was still on guard before the door, but he let them in at once, and they were again met by the beautiful green girl, who showed each of them to their old rooms at once, so they might rest until the Great Oz was ready to receive them.
The soldier had the news carried straight to Oz that Dorothy and the other travelers had come back again, after destroying the Wicked Witch; but Oz made no reply.
They thought the Great Wizard would send for them at once, but he did not.
They had no word from him the next day, nor the next, nor the next.
The waiting was tiresome and wearing, and at last they grew vexed that Oz should treat them in so poor a fashion, after sending them to undergo hardships and slavery.
So the Scarecrow at last asked the green girl to take another message to Oz, saying if he did not let them in to see him at once they would call the Winged Monkeys to help them, and find out whether he kept his promises or not.

asked Esther, who always sat near to watch over and lock up the valuables.
"I like the diamonds best, but there is no necklace among them, and I'm fond of necklaces, they are so becoming.
I should choose this if I might," replied Amy, looking with great admiration at a string of gold and ebony beads from which hung a heavy cross of the same.
"I, too, covet that, but not as a necklace.
Ah, no!
To me it is a rosary, and as such I should use it like a good catholic," said Esther, eyeing the handsome thing wistfully.
"Is it meant to use as you use the string of good-smelling wooden beads hanging over your glass?"
asked Amy.
"Truly, yes, to pray with.
It would be pleasing to the saints if one used so fine a rosary as this, instead of wearing it as a vain bijou."
"You seem to take a great deal of comfort in your prayers, Esther, and always come down looking quiet and satisfied.
I wish I could."

The messenger went back with the letter, but rested at the same place and again fell asleep.
Then came the Devil once more, and put a different letter in his pocket, in which it was written that they were to put the Queen and her child to death.
The old mother was terribly shocked when she received the letter, and could not believe it.
She wrote back again to the King, but received no other answer, because each time the Devil substituted a false letter, and in the last letter it was also written that she was to preserve the Queen’s tongue and eyes as a token that she had obeyed.
But the old mother wept to think such innocent blood was to be shed, and had a hind brought by night and cut out her tongue and eyes, and kept them.
Then said she to the Queen, “I cannot have thee killed as the King commands, but here thou mayst stay no longer.
Go forth into the wide world with thy child, and never come here again.” The poor woman tied her child on her back, and went away with eyes full of tears.
She came into a great wild forest, and then she fell on her knees and prayed to God, and the angel of the Lord appeared to her and led her to a little house on which was a sign with the words, “Here all dwell free.” A snow-white maiden came out of the little house and said, “Welcome, Lady Queen,” and conducted her inside.
Then they unbound the little boy from her back, and held him to her breast that he might feed, and laid him in a beautifully-made little bed.
Then said the poor woman, “From whence knowest thou that I was a queen?” The white maiden answered, “I am an angel sent by God, to watch over thee and thy child.” The Queen stayed seven years in the little house, and was well cared for, and by God’s grace, because of her piety, her hands which had been cut off, grew once more.
At last the King came home again from the war, and his first wish was to see his wife and the child.
Then his aged mother began to weep and said, “Thou wicked man, why didst thou write to me that I was to take those two innocent lives?” and she showed him the two letters which the Evil-one had forged, and then continued, “I did as thou badest me,” and she showed the tokens, the tongue and eyes.

‘Here is a beautiful young girl you are a dead man; make them understand that.
Tell them that a dead man may say anything and Mrs. Grundy will not be angry ha-ha!
You are not laughing?” He looked anxiously around.
“But you know I get so many queer ideas, lying there in bed.
I have grown convinced that nature is full of mockery you called me an atheist just now, but you know this nature...
why are you laughing again?
You are very cruel!” he added suddenly, regarding them all with mournful reproach.
“I have not corrupted Colia,”
 he concluded in a different and very serious tone, as if remembering something again.
“Nobody here is laughing at you.
Calm yourself,” said Lizabetha Prokofievna, much moved.
“You shall see a new doctor tomorrow; the other was mistaken; but sit down, do not stand like that!
You are delirious ” Oh, what shall we do with him she cried in anguish, as she made him sit down again in the arm-chair.
A tear glistened on her cheek.

The Wicked Witch then made the axe slip and cut off my head, and at first I thought that was the end of me.
But the tinsmith happened to come along, and he made me a new head out of tin.
"I thought I had beaten the Wicked Witch then, and I worked harder than ever; but I little knew how cruel my enemy could be.
She thought of a new way to kill my love for the beautiful Munchkin maiden, and made my axe slip again, so that it cut right through my body, splitting me into two halves.
Once more the tinsmith came to my help and made me a body of tin, fastening my tin arms and legs and head to it, by means of joints, so that I could move around as well as ever.
But, alas!
I had now no heart, so that I lost all my love for the Munchkin girl, and did not care whether I married her or not.
I suppose she is still living with the old woman, waiting for me to come after her.
"My body shone so brightly in the sun that I felt very proud of it and it did not matter now if my axe slipped, for it could not cut me.
There was only one danger that my joints would rust; but I kept an oil-can in my cottage and took care to oil myself whenever I needed it.
However, there came a day when I forgot to do this, and, being caught in a rainstorm, before I thought of the danger my joints had rusted, and I was left to stand in the woods until you came to help me.
It was a terrible thing to undergo, but during the year I stood there I had time to think that the greatest loss I had known was the loss of my heart.

At any rate—though indeed such a test at such a time might be deceptive—spoutings might be discovered from our low boat that seemed playing up almost from the rim of the horizon.
I mention this circumstance, because, as if the cows and calves had been purposely locked up in this innermost fold; and as if the wide extent of the herd had hitherto prevented them from learning the precise cause of its stopping; or, possibly, being so young, unsophisticated, and every way innocent and inexperienced; however it may have been, these smaller whales—now and then visiting our becalmed boat from the margin of the lake—evinced a wondrous fearlessness and confidence, or else a still becharmed panic which it was impossible not to marvel at.
Like household dogs they came snuffling round us, right up to our gunwales, and touching them; till it almost seemed that some spell had suddenly domesticated them.
Queequeg patted their foreheads; Starbuck scratched their backs with his lance; but fearful of the consequences, for the time refrained from darting it.
But far beneath this wondrous world upon the surface, another and still stranger world met our eyes as we gazed over the side.
For, suspended in those watery vaults, floated the forms of the nursing mothers of the whales, and those that by their enormous girth seemed shortly to become mothers.
The lake, as I have hinted, was to a considerable depth exceedingly transparent; and as human infants while suckling will calmly and fixedly gaze away from the breast, as if leading two different lives at the time; and while yet drawing mortal nourishment, be still spiritually feasting upon some unearthly reminiscence;—even so did the young of these whales seem looking up towards us, but not at us, as if we were but a bit of Gulfweed in their new-born sight.
Floating on their sides, the mothers also seemed quietly eyeing us.
One of these little infants, that from certain queer tokens seemed hardly a day old, might have measured some fourteen feet in length, and some six feet in girth.
He was a little frisky; though as yet his body seemed scarce yet recovered from that irksome position it had so lately occupied in the maternal reticule; where, tail to head, and all ready for the final spring, the unborn whale lies bent like a Tartar’s bow.
The delicate side-fins, and the palms of his flukes, still freshly retained the plaited crumpled appearance of a baby’s ears newly arrived from foreign parts.
“Line!

They thought every moment that they would be cut down, but they bravely struck out to swim as far as they could from Kokai's reach.
All of a sudden they found themselves in front of what seemed to be an island rising straight out of the water.
They looked up, and there stood an old man with hair as white as snow, smiling at them.
They cried to him to help them.
The old man nodded his head and came down to the edge of the water.
As soon as his feet touched the flood it divided, and a good road appeared, to the amazement of the drowning men, who now found themselves safe.
Kokai had by this time reached the island which had risen as if by a miracle out of the water, and seeing his enemies thus saved he was furious.
He rushed through the water upon the old man, and it seemed as if he would surely be killed.
But the old man appeared not in the least dismayed, and calmly awaited the wizard's onslaught.
As Kokai drew near, the old man laughed aloud merrily, and turning into a large and beautiful white crane, flapped his wings and flew upwards into the heavens.
When Hako and Eiko saw this, they knew that their deliverer was no mere human being was perhaps a god in disguise and they hoped later on to find out who the venerable old man was.
In the meantime they had retreated, and it being now the close of day, for the sun was setting, both Kokai and the young warriors gave up the idea of fighting more that day.

“She had laid her head upon my shoulder, that night when I was summoned out she had a fear of my going, though I had none and when I was brought to the North Tower they found these upon my sleeve.
'You will leave me them?
They can never help me to escape in the body, though they may in the spirit.'
Those were the words I said.
I remember them very well.”
He formed this speech with his lips many times before he could utter it.
But when he did find spoken words for it, they came to him coherently, though slowly.
“How was this?
Was it you?”
Once more, the two spectators started, as he turned upon her with a frightful suddenness.
But she sat perfectly still in his grasp, and only said, in a low voice, “I entreat you, good gentlemen, do not come near us, do not speak, do not move!”
“Hark!” he exclaimed.
“Whose voice was that?”
His hands released her as he uttered this cry, and went up to his white hair, which they tore in a frenzy.
It died out, as everything but his shoemaking did die out of him, and he refolded his little packet and tried to secure it in his breast; but he still looked at her, and gloomily shook his head.
“No, no, no; you are too young, too blooming.

With a bright heart and free from all care, he sprang upon his way, until he was home at his mother's.
MASTER OF ALL MASTERS 
A girl once went to the fair to hire herself for a servant.
At last a funny-looking old gentleman engaged her, and took her home to his house.
When she got there, he told her that he had something to teach her, for that in his house he had his own names for things.
He said to her: "What will you call me?"
"Master or mister, or whatever you please, sir," says she.
He said: "You must call me 'Master of all Masters.'
And what would you call this?"
pointing to his bed.
"Bed or couch, or whatever you please, sir."
"No, that's my 'barnacle.'
And what do you call these?"

He was so deadly pale which had not been the case when they went in together that no vestige of colour was to be seen in his face.
But, in the composure of his manner he was unaltered, except that to the shrewd glance of Mr. Lorry it disclosed some shadowy indication that the old air of avoidance and dread had lately passed over him, like a cold wind.
He gave his arm to his daughter, and took her down-stairs to the chariot which Mr. Lorry had hired in honour of the day.
The rest followed in another carriage, and soon, in a neighbouring church, where no strange eyes looked on, Charles Darnay and Lucie Manette were happily married.
Besides the glancing tears that shone among the smiles of the little group when it was done, some diamonds, very bright and sparkling, glanced on the bride's hand, which were newly released from the dark obscurity of one of Mr. Lorry's pockets.
They returned home to breakfast, and all went well, and in due course the golden hair that had mingled with the poor shoemaker's white locks in the Paris garret, were mingled with them again in the morning sunlight, on the threshold of the door at parting.
It was a hard parting, though it was not for long.
But her father cheered her, and said at last, gently disengaging himself from her enfolding arms, “Take her, Charles!
She is yours!”
And her agitated hand waved to them from a chaise window, and she was gone.
The corner being out of the way of the idle and curious, and the preparations having been very simple and few, the Doctor, Mr. Lorry, and Miss Pross, were left quite alone.
It was when they turned into the welcome shade of the cool old hall, that Mr. Lorry observed a great change to have come over the Doctor; as if the golden arm uplifted there, had struck him a poisoned blow.
He had naturally repressed much, and some revulsion might have been expected in him when the occasion for repression was gone.

The Prince could not bear to part from his little love again, so he carried her back to the palace in his grand coach, and they were married that very day.
Cinderella's stepsisters were present at the feast, but in the place of honor sat the fairy Godmother.
So the poor little cinder-maid married the Prince, and in time they came to be King and Queen, and lived happily ever after.
THE THREE BROTHERS 
There was once a man who had three sons, but no fortune except the house he lived in.
Now, each of them wanted to have the house after his death; but their father was just as fond of one as of the other, and did not know how to treat them all fairly.
He did not want to sell the house, because it had belonged to his forefathers, or he might have divided the money between them.
At last an idea came into his head, and he said to his sons: "Go out into the world, and each learn a trade, and when you come home, the one who makes best use of his handicraft shall have the house."
The sons were quite content with this plan, and the eldest decided to be a farrier, the second a barber, and the third a fencing master.
They fixed a time when they would all meet at home again, and then they set off.
It so happened that they each found a clever master with whom they learned their business thoroughly.
The farrier shod the King's horses, and he thought, "I shall certainly be the one to have the house."
The barber shaved nobody but grand gentlemen, so he thought it would fall to him.

"Take this," he said, giving her the razor, "and cut grass with it, and I will take your cloth."
When she asked him why, he replied: "You have my razor and I have your chudder."
Then he went a little further and saw a ghee seller.
"Take my chudder and give me your ghee," said the rabbit.
So saying, he left the chudder and walked off with the ghee.
Not long after he met a woman, and told her to make him some goolgoolahs, or sweets, with the ghee.
As soon as they were ready he picked them up and ran away.
A little further on was a man with a plough, a horse, and a bullock.
"Take these sweets," said the rabbit, "and I will yoke your plough for you."
But, instead of doing this, he ran away with the horse, and soon after met a marriage procession, in which the bridegroom was walking beside the bride's litter or dooly.
"Get on my horse: why do you walk?"
said the rabbit gaily.

There was only a broom left in the room, and when the old witch returned she mounted upon it, and flew through the air in hot pursuit.
As she went along she found her things strewn on the road, and began picking them up one after another.
This gave the child time to run further and further away, until, at last, she came to a peepul tree, and said: "O tree, shelter me!"
and the tree opened, and she was hidden within it, all but her little finger, which remained outside, as the tree closed.
This the old witch saw and promptly bit off:
while she ate it, she regretted more than once that such a dainty morsel had escaped, but she knew there was no getting out the child; so she went away disappointed.
Now, soon after, a man came to cut down the tree, but the child cried from inside: "Cut above, and cut below, but do not touch the middle, or you will cut me in half."
The voice so amazed the man that he went and told the Rajah about it; and forthwith the Rajah came with all his retinue, and heard the same thing; so they did as the voice advised, and, after carefully opening the tree, found the child, a beautiful young girl, who sat with her hands folded within.
"Girl," said the Rajah, "will you walk up to anybody here present to whose caste you belong?"
The girl came out and walked up to a Brahmin: this decided the question of her birth, and that she was fitted to become the wife of a Prince.
So the Rajah had her taken to his Palace, where they were afterwards married with great pomp, and lived happily ever after.
Note.
It may interest my readers to know that the little native girl standing beside the peepul tree in my sketch is still living.

He flew into dark lanes, and saw the white faces of starving children looking out listlessly at the black streets.
Under the archway of a bridge two little boys were lying in one another’s arms to try and keep themselves warm.
“How hungry we are!” they said.
“You must not lie here,” shouted the Watchman, and they wandered out into the rain.
Then he flew back and told the Prince what he had seen.
“I am covered with fine gold,” said the Prince, “you must take it off, leaf by leaf, and give it to my poor; the living always think that gold can make them happy.”
Leaf after leaf of the fine gold the Swallow picked off, till the Happy Prince looked quite dull and grey.
Leaf after leaf of the fine gold he brought to the poor, and the children’s faces grew rosier, and they laughed and played games in the street.
“We have bread now!” they cried.
Then the snow came, and after the snow came the frost.
The streets looked as if they were made of silver, they were so bright and glistening; long icicles like crystal daggers hung down from the eaves of the houses, everybody went about in furs, and the little boys wore scarlet caps and skated on the ice.
The poor little Swallow grew colder and colder, but he would not leave the Prince, he loved him too well.
He picked up crumbs outside the baker’s door when the baker was not looking and tried to keep himself warm by flapping his wings.

"There is great trouble in this State," said U Myrsiang.
"The only daughter of the Siem is sick, and according to the divinations she is likely to die unless she can be wedded before sunset to-morrow, and her bridegroom must be a native of some other State.
The time was too short to send envoys to any of the neighbouring States to arrange for the marriage, and as I happened to pass this way on a journey, the Siem's men forcibly detained me, on finding that I was a foreigner, and to-morrow they will compel me to marry the Siem's daughter, which is much against my will.
If you open the door of this cage and let me out, you may become the Siem's son-in-law by taking my place in the cage."
"What manner of man are you," asked the outlaw, "that you should disdain the honour of marrying the daughter of a Siem?"
"You are mistaken to think that I disdain the honour," said the fox.
"If I had been single I should have rejoiced in the privilege, but I am married already, and have a wife and family in my own village far from here, and my desire is to be released so that I may return to them."
"In that case," replied the man, "I think you are right to refuse, but as for me it will be a most desirable union, and I shall be only too glad to exchange places with you."
Thereupon he opened the door of the cage and went in, while U Myrsiang slipped out, and bolted the door behind him.
The man was so pleased with his seeming good fortune that at parting he took off his polished mirror which was suspended round his neck by a silver chain, and begged his companion to accept it in remembrance of their short but strange encounter.
As he was handing it to U Myrsiang, his hand came into contact with the fox's thick fur, and he realised then that he had been duped, and had, owing to his credulity, released the most thieving rogue in the forest.
Regrets were vain.

XXV 
U RAMHAH 
Where is the country without its giant-story?
All through the ages the world has revelled in tales of the incomparable prowess and the unrivalled strength and stature of great and distinguished men whom we have learned to call giants.
We trace them from the days of Samson and Goliath, past the Knights of Arthur in the "Island of the Mighty" and the great warriors of ancient Greece, down to the mythland of our nursery days, where the exploits of the famous "Jack" and his confederates filled us with wonder and awe.
Our world has been a world full of mighty men to whom all the nations pay tribute, and the Khasis in their small corner are not behind the rest of the world in this respect, for they also have on record the exploits of a giant whose fate was as strange as that of any famous giant in history.
The name of the Khasi giant was U Ramhah.
He lived in a dark age, and his vision was limited, but according to his lights and the requirements of his country and his generation, he performed great and wonderful feats, such as are performed by all orthodox giants all the world over.
He lifted great boulders, he erected huge pillars, he uprooted large trees, he fought wild beasts, he trampled on dragons, he overcame armed hosts single-handed, he championed the cause of the defenceless, and won for himself praise and renown.
When his fame was at its height he smirched his reputation by his bad actions.
After the great victory over U Thlen in the cave of Pomdoloi, he became very uplifted and proud, and considered himself entitled to the possessions of the Khasis.
So instead of helping and defending his neighbours as of yore, he began to oppress and to plunder them, and came to be regarded as a notorious highwayman, to be avoided and dreaded, who committed thefts and crimes wherever he went.
At this period he is described as a very tall and powerful man whose stature reached "half way to the sky," and he always carried a soop (a large basket of plaited bamboo) on his back, into which he put all his spoils, which were generally some articles of food or clothing.
He broke into houses, looted the markets and waylaid travellers.

Then the Queen touched Bruno himself, and made him gentle and polite and grateful, and he thanked her and the Princess a thousand times.
Lastly, the Queen restored the hen and the cabbages to their natural forms, and left them all very contented.
The Prince and Princess were married as soon as possible with great splendor, and lived happily ever after.
(1)
(1) Fortunee.
Par Madame la Comtesse d’Aulnoy.
THE WHITE CAT 
Once upon a time there was a king who had three sons, who were all so clever and brave that he began to be afraid that they would want to reign over the kingdom before he was dead.
Now the King, though he felt that he was growing old, did not at all wish to give up the government of his kingdom while he could still manage it very well, so he thought the best way to live in peace would be to divert the minds of his sons by promises which he could always get out of when the time came for keeping them.
So he sent for them all, and, after speaking to them kindly, he added:
“You will quite agree with me, my dear children, that my great age makes it impossible for me to look after my affairs of state as carefully as I once did.
I begin to fear that this may affect the welfare of my subjects, therefore I wish that one of you should succeed to my crown; but in return for such a gift as this it is only right that you should do something for me.
Now, as I think of retiring into the country, it seems to me that a pretty, lively, faithful little dog would be very good company for me; so, without any regard for your ages, I promise that the one who brings me the most beautiful little dog shall succeed me at once.”
The three Princes were greatly surprised by their father’s sudden fancy for a little dog, but as it gave the two younger ones a chance they would not otherwise have had of being king, and as the eldest was too polite to make any objection, they accepted the commission with pleasure.
They bade farewell to the King, who gave them presents of silver and precious stones, and appointed to meet them at the same hour, in the same place, after a year had passed, to see the little dogs they had brought for him.
Then they went together to a castle which was about a league from the city, accompanied by all their particular friends, to whom they gave a grand banquet, and the three brothers promised to be friends always, to share whatever good fortune befell them, and not to be parted by any envy or jealousy; and so they set out, agreeing to meet at the same castle at the appointed time, to present themselves before the King together.

But Jihva, who loved the thief and did not want him to be punished, refused to go until Hari-Sarman promised that he would not tell the king who the man was or where he lived.
"I would rather," she said, "bear all the punishment than that he should suffer."
Even Hari-Sarman was touched at this, and fearing that if he kept Jihva longer, she would be found in the prison by messengers from the king, he promised that no harm should come to her or the thief, and let her go.
Very soon after this, messengers came to take Hari-Sarman once more before the king; who received him very coldly and began at once to threaten him with a terrible punishment, if he did not say who the thief was, and where the gold and jewels were.
Even now Hari-Sarman pretended to be unwilling to speak.
But when he saw that the king would put up with no more delay, he said, "I will lead you to the spot where the treasure is buried, but the name of the thief, though I know it, I will never betray."
The king, who did not really care much who the thief was, so long as he got back his money, lost not a moment, but ordered his attendants to get spades and follow him.
Very soon Hari-Sarman brought them to the pomegranate tree.
And there, sure enough, deep down in the ground, was all that had been lost.
Nothing was now too good for Hari-Sarman: the king was greatly delighted, and heaped riches and honours upon him.
But some of the wise men at the court suspected that he was really a deceiver, and set about trying to find out all they could about him.
They sent for the man who had been on guard at the prison, and asked him many questions.

One morning when the rain streamed down unceasingly and Colin was beginning to feel a little restive, as he was obliged to remain on his sofa because it was not safe to get up and walk about, Mary had an inspiration.
“Now that I am a real boy,” Colin had said, “my legs and arms and all my body are so full of Magic that I can’t keep them still.
They want to be doing things all the time.
Do you know that when I waken in the morning, Mary, when it’s quite early and the birds are just shouting outside and everything seems just shouting for joy—even the trees and things we can’t really hear—I feel as if I must jump out of bed and shout myself.
If I did it, just think what would happen!”
Mary giggled inordinately.
“The nurse would come running and Mrs. Medlock would come running and they would be sure you had gone crazy and they’d send for the doctor,”
she said.
Colin giggled himself.
He could see how they would all look—how horrified by his outbreak and how amazed to see him standing upright.
“I wish my father would come home,” he said.
“I want to tell him myself.
I’m always thinking about it—but we couldn’t go on like this much longer.
I can’t stand lying still and pretending, and besides I look too different.

When the elder woman left the house for a moment she snatched a handful of meat from the pan and ate it quickly, but her mother-in-law caught her chewing, and charged her with having eaten the meat.
As she did not deny it, her mother-in-law began to beat her unmercifully, and turned her out of doors in anger.
The ill-treated woman crawled along the path by which her husband was expected to arrive, and sat on the ground, weeping, to await his coming.
When he arrived he marvelled to see his wife crying on the roadside, and asked her the reason for it.
She was too upset to answer him for a long time, but when at last she was able to make herself articulate, she told him all that his mother had done to her.
He became very wroth, and said, "If my mother thinks more of gaining wealth than of respecting my wife, I will leave my mother's house for ever," and he strode away, taking only a brass lota (water vessel) for his journey.
PART II 
The husband and wife wandered about in the jungle for many days, living on any wild herbs or roots that they could pick up on their way, but all those days they did not see a village or a sign of a human habitation.
One day they happened to come to a very dry and barren hill, where they could get no water, and they began to suffer from thirst.
In this arid place a son was born to them, and the young mother seemed likely to die for want of water.
The husband roamed in every direction, but saw no water anywhere, until he climbed to the top of a tall tree in order to survey the country, and to his joy saw in the distance a pool of clear water.
He hastened down and fetched his lota, and proceeded in the direction of the pool.
The jungle was so dense that he was afraid of losing his way, so in order to improvise some sort of landmark, he tore his dottie (loin-cloth) into narrow strips which he hung on the bushes as he went.

And then she took a long breath and looked behind her up the long walk to see if anyone was coming.
No one was coming.
No one ever did come, it seemed, and she took another long breath, because she could not help it, and she held back the swinging curtain of ivy and pushed back the door which opened slowly—slowly.
Then she slipped through it, and shut it behind her, and stood with her back against it, looking about her and breathing quite fast with excitement, and wonder, and delight.
She was standing inside the secret garden.
CHAPTER IX 
 THE STRANGEST HOUSE ANYONE EVER LIVED IN 
It was the sweetest, most mysterious-looking place anyone could imagine.
The high walls which shut it in were covered with the leafless stems of climbing roses which were so thick that they were matted together.
Mary Lennox knew they were roses because she had seen a great many roses in India.
All the ground was covered with grass of a wintry brown and out of it grew clumps of bushes which were surely rosebushes if they were alive.
There were numbers of standard roses which had so spread their branches that they were like little trees.
There were other trees in the garden, and one of the things which made the place look strangest and loveliest was that climbing roses had run all over them and swung down long tendrils which made light swaying curtains, and here and there they had caught at each other or at a far-reaching branch and had crept from one tree to another and made lovely bridges of themselves.
There were neither leaves nor roses on them now and Mary did not know whether they were dead or alive, but their thin gray or brown branches and sprays looked like a sort of hazy mantle spreading over everything, walls, and trees, and even brown grass, where they had fallen from their fastenings and run along the ground.

159 The Ditmarsch Tale of Wonders 
I will tell you something.
I saw two roasted fowls flying; they flew quickly and had their breasts turned to heaven and their backs to hell, and an anvil and a mill-stone swam across the Rhine prettily, slowly, and gently, and a frog sat on the ice at Whitsuntide and ate a ploughshare.
Three fellows who wanted to catch a hare, went on crutches and stilts; one of them was deaf, the second blind, the third dumb, and the fourth could not stir a step.
Do you want to know how it was done?
First, the blind man saw the hare running across the field, the dumb one called to the lame one, and the lame one seized it by the neck.
There were certain men who wished to sail on dry land, and they set their sails in the wind, and sailed away over great fields.
Then they sailed over a high mountain, and there they were miserably drowned.
A crab was chasing a hare which was running away at full speed, and high up on the roof lay a cow which had climbed up there.
In that country the flies are as big as the goats are here.
Open the window, that the lies may fly out.
160 A Riddling Tale 
Three women were changed into flowers which grew in the field, but one of them was allowed to be in her own home at night.
Then once when day was drawing near, and she was forced to go back to her companions in the field and become a flower again, she said to her husband, “If thou wilt come this afternoon and gather me, I shall be set free and henceforth stay with thee.” And he did so.

When she came to the first jar the robber inside said softly: “Is it time?”
Any other slave but Morgiana, on finding a man in the jar instead of the oil she wanted, would have screamed and made a noise; but she, knowing the danger her master was in, bethought herself of a plan, and answered quietly: “Not yet, but presently.” She went to all the jars, giving the same answer, till she came to the jar of oil.
She now saw that her master, thinking to entertain an oil merchant, had let thirty-eight robbers into his house.
She filled her oil pot, went back to the kitchen, and, having lit her lamp, went again to the oil jar and filled a large kettle full of oil.
When it boiled she went and poured enough oil into every jar to stifle and kill the robber inside.
When this brave deed was done she went back to the kitchen, put out the fire and the lamp, and waited to see what would happen.
In a quarter of an hour the Captain of the robbers awoke, got up, and opened the window.
As all seemed quiet, he threw down some little pebbles which hit the jars.
He listened, and as none of his men seemed to stir he grew uneasy, and went down into the yard.
On going to the first jar and saying, “Are you asleep?” he smelt the hot boiled oil, and knew at once that his plot to murder Ali Baba and his household had been discovered.
He found all the gang was dead, and, missing the oil out of the last jar, became aware of the manner of their death.
He then forced the lock of a door leading into a garden, and climbing over several walls made his escape.
Morgiana heard and saw all this, and, rejoicing at her success, went to bed and fell asleep.

All elements are but one pervading flame!
Ha!
The fiend!"
I was somewhat startled by this latter exclamation.
The tales were almost consumed, but just then threw forth a broad sheet of fire, which flickered as with laughter, making the whole room dance in its brightness, and then roared portentously up the chimney.
"You saw him?
You must have seen him!"
cried Oberon.
"How he glared at me and laughed, in that last sheet of flame, with just the features that I imagined for him!
Well!
The tales are gone."
The papers were indeed reduced to a heap of black cinders, with a multitude of sparks hurrying confusedly among them, the traces of the pen being now represented by white lines, and the whole mass fluttering to and fro in the draughts of air.

And you know how unpleasant that is, even in a private school, and in a public kingdom it is, of course, much worse.
The things that were missed were nothing much at first a few little elephants, a hippopotamus or two, and some giraffes, and things like that.
It was nothing much, as I say, but it made people feel uncomfortable.
Then one day a favorite rabbit of the Princess's, called Frederick, mysteriously disappeared, and then came a terrible morning when the Mexican lapdog was missing.
He had barked ever since the dragon came to the island, and people had grown quite used to the noise.
So when his barking suddenly ceased it woke everybody up and they all went out to see what was the matter.
And the lapdog was gone!
A boy was sent to wake the army, so that it might look for him.
But the army was gone too!
And now the people began to be frightened.
Then Uncle James came out onto the terrace of the palace, and he made the people a speech.
He said: "Friends fellow citizens I cannot disguise from myself or from you that this purple dragon is a poor penniless exile, a helpless alien in our midst, and, besides, he is a is no end of a dragon."

The fact is that probably Hippolyte was not quite so black as Gania painted him; and it was hardly likely that he had informed Nina Alexandrovna of certain events, of which we know, for the mere pleasure of giving her pain.
We must never forget that human motives are generally far more complicated than we are apt to suppose, and that we can very rarely accurately describe the motives of another.
It is much better for the writer, as a rule, to content himself with the bare statement of events; and we shall take this line with regard to the catastrophe recorded above, and shall state the remaining events connected with the general’s trouble shortly, because we feel that we have already given to this secondary character in our story more attention than we originally intended.
The course of events had marched in the following order.
When Lebedeff returned, in company with the general, after their expedition to town a few days since, for the purpose of investigation, he brought the prince no information whatever.
If the latter had not himself been occupied with other thoughts and impressions at the time, he must have observed that Lebedeff not only was very uncommunicative, but even appeared anxious to avoid him.
When the prince did give the matter a little attention, he recalled the fact that during these days he had always found Lebedeff to be in radiantly good spirits, when they happened to meet; and further, that the general and Lebedeff were always together.
The two friends did not seem ever to be parted for a moment.
Occasionally the prince heard loud talking and laughing upstairs, and once he detected the sound of a jolly soldier’s song going on above, and recognized the unmistakable bass of the general’s voice.
But the sudden outbreak of song did not last; and for an hour afterwards the animated sound of apparently drunken conversation continued to be heard from above.
At length there was the clearest evidence of a grand mutual embracing, and someone burst into tears.
Shortly after this, however, there was a violent but short-lived quarrel, with loud talking on both sides.

The news of the unparalleled devotion of the Mahadei to her lover spread abroad throughout the land and stirred the minds of men and women in all countries.
The chaste wives of India, when they heard of it, said one to another, "We must not allow the unholy passion of an unchaste woman to become more famous than the sacred love of holy matrimony.
Henceforth we will offer our bodies on the altar of death, on the pyre of our husbands, to prove our devotion and fidelity."
Thus originated the custom of suttee (wife-sacrifice)
in many parts of India.
The Khasis were so impressed by the suitability of the sharati to express sorrow and grief that they have adopted that instrument ever since to play their dirges at times of cremation.
The sharati of U Raitong, which he planted in the earth as he was about to leap to his doom, took root, and a clump of bamboos grew from it, distinguishable from all other bamboos by having their branches forking downwards.
It is commonly maintained to this day that there are clumps of bamboos forking downwards to be found in plenty on the Hill of Raitong.
VII 
THE TIGER AND THE MONKEYS 
At the beginning of time the animals were free and living wild and unruly lives, but there were so many disputes and quarrels that they convened a council to choose a king to reign over them.
With one accord they nominated the tiger to be king, not for any special wisdom or merit which he possessed, but because of his great strength, by which he would be able to subdue the turbulent beasts.
Although he possessed greater strength than any of his kindred, the tiger was more ignorant of the ways and habits of his subjects than any of the animals.
He was so self-absorbed that he never troubled himself to study the ways of others, and this caused him to act very foolishly at times and to make himself ridiculous, for the animals were tempted to take advantage of his great ignorance and to play tricks upon him whenever they thought they could do so undetected.
This tale relates how the monkeys played a cunning trick on their king which caused mortal enmity to spring up between him and them for ever.

And then?
Yes, then something even better will come, something far more charming, or else why should they adorn me so?
There must be something grander, something greater still to come; but what?
Oh!
I'm suffering, I'm longing!
I don't know myself what is the matter with me!"
"Rejoice in us," said Air and Sunshine.
"Rejoice in thy fresh youth here in the woodland."
But the Fir Tree did not rejoice at all, but it grew and grew; winter and summer it stood there, green, dark green.
The people who saw it said, "That's a handsome tree!"
and at Christmas time it was felled before any one of the others.
The axe cut deep into its marrow, and the tree fell to the ground with a sigh; it felt a pain, a sensation of faintness, and could not think at all of happiness, for it was sad at parting from its home, from the place where it had grown up; it knew that it should never again see the dear old companions, the little bushes and flowers all around perhaps not even the birds.

And when they got home Cinderella lay in her dirty clothes among the ashes, and a dim little oil-lamp was burning on the mantle-piece, for Cinderella had jumped quickly down from the back of the pigeon-house and had run to the little hazel-tree, and there she had taken off her beautiful clothes and laid them on the grave, and the bird had taken them away again, and then she had placed herself in the kitchen amongst the ashes in her grey gown.
Next day when the festival began afresh, and her parents and the step-sisters had gone once more, Cinderella went to the hazel-tree and said—
“Shiver and quiver, my little tree, Silver and gold throw down over me.”
Then the bird threw down a much more beautiful dress than on the preceding day.
And when Cinderella appeared at the festival in this dress, every one was astonished at her beauty.
The King’s son had waited until she came, and instantly took her by the hand and danced with no one but her.
When others came and invited her, he said, “She is my partner.” When evening came she wished to leave, and the King’s son followed her and wanted to see into which house she went.
But she sprang away from him, and into the garden behind the house.
Therein stood a beautiful tall tree on which hung the most magnificent pears.
She clambered so nimbly between the branches like a squirrel that the King’s son did not know where she was gone.
He waited until her father came, and said to him, “The stranger-maiden has escaped from me, and I believe she has climbed up the pear-tree.” The father thought, “Can it be Cinderella?” and had an axe brought and cut the tree down, but no one was on it.
And when they got into the kitchen, Cinderella lay there amongst the ashes, as usual, for she had jumped down on the other side of the tree, had taken the beautiful dress to the bird on the little hazel-tree, and put on her grey gown.
On the third day, when the parents and sisters had gone away, Cinderella went once more to her mother’s grave and said to the little tree—
“Shiver and quiver, my little tree, Silver and gold throw down over me.”
And now the bird threw down to her a dress which was more splendid and magnificent than any she had yet had, and the slippers were golden.
And when she went to the festival in the dress, no one knew how to speak for astonishment.

We wandered all through this great Forest and even made some journeys into the edge of the Meadow.
Still, there was no place we loved as we did the dusky hollow by the old log where we first met.
One day your mother told me that she must begin housekeeping and that I must keep out of the way while she was busy.
So I had to go off with a crowd of other Ruffed Grouse while she fixed her nest, laid her eggs, and hatched out you youngsters.
It was rather hard to be driven off in that way, but you know it is the custom among Grouse.
We poor fellows had to amuse ourselves and each other until our wives called us home to help take care of the children.
We've been at that work ever since."
"Oh!"
said one of the young Grouse.
"Oh, I am so glad that you drummed, and that she came when she heard you.
Who would we have had to take care of us if it hadn't happened just so?"
That made them all feel very solemn and Mr. Grouse couldn't answer, and Mrs. Grouse couldn't answer, and none of the little Grouse could answer because, you see, it is one of the questions that hasn't any answer.

The Wicked Witch was so angry when she saw her black bees in little heaps like fine coal that she stamped her foot and tore her hair and gnashed her teeth.
And then she called a dozen of her slaves, who were the Winkies, and gave them sharp spears, telling them to go to the strangers and destroy them.
The Winkies were not a brave people, but they had to do as they were told.
So they marched away until they came near to Dorothy.
Then the Lion gave a great roar and sprang towards them, and the poor Winkies were so frightened that they ran back as fast as they could.
When they returned to the castle the Wicked Witch beat them well with a strap, and sent them back to their work, after which she sat down to think what she should do next.
She could not understand how all her plans to destroy these strangers had failed; but she was a powerful Witch, as well as a wicked one, and she soon made up her mind how to act.
There was, in her cupboard, a Golden Cap, with a circle of diamonds and rubies running round it.
This Golden Cap had a charm.
Whoever owned it could call three times upon the Winged Monkeys, who would obey any order they were given.
But no person could command these strange creatures more than three times.
Twice already the Wicked Witch had used the charm of the Cap.

I have seen her.
He must be a fiend who could injure her.
I am that fiend.
Let me see what can be done.
What if I married her?"
But Hatton did not offer marriage to Sybil.
He did much to make her stay in London pleasant; but there was something about the maiden that awed while it fascinated him.
A Catholic himself, Hatton was not surprised to hear from Gerard of Sybil's wish to enter a convent.
"And to my mind she is right.
My daughter cannot look to marriage; no man that she could marry would be worthy of her."
This did not deter Hatton from considering how the papers relating to Gerard's lost estates could be recovered.
The first move was an action entered against Lord de Mowbray, and this brought that distinguished peer to Mr. Hatton's chambers in the Temple, for Hatton was at that time advising Lord de Mowbray in the matter of reviving an ancient barony.

He was very sorry.
“I say, Wendy,” he whispered to her, “always if you see me forgetting you, just keep on saying 'I'm Wendy,' and then I'll remember.”
Of course this was rather unsatisfactory.
However, to make amends he showed them how to lie out flat on a strong wind that was going their way, and this was such a pleasant change that they tried it several times and found that they could sleep thus with security.
Indeed they would have slept longer, but Peter tired quickly of sleeping, and soon he would cry in his captain voice, “We get off here.” So with occasional tiffs, but on the whole rollicking, they drew near the Neverland; for after many moons they did reach it, and, what is more, they had been going pretty straight all the time, not perhaps so much owing to the guidance of Peter or Tink as because the island was looking for them.
It is only thus that any one may sight those magic shores.
“There it is,” said Peter calmly.
“Where, where?”
“Where all the arrows are pointing.”
Indeed a million golden arrows were pointing it out to the children, all directed by their friend the sun, who wanted them to be sure of their way before leaving them for the night.
Wendy and John and Michael stood on tip-toe in the air to get their first sight of the island.
Strange to say, they all recognized it at once, and until fear fell upon them they hailed it, not as something long dreamt of and seen at last, but as a familiar friend to whom they were returning home for the holidays.
“John, there's the lagoon.”
“Wendy, look at the turtles burying their eggs in the sand.”
“I say, John, I see your flamingo with the broken leg!”
“Look, Michael, there's your cave!”
“John, what's that in the brushwood?”
“It's a wolf with her whelps.
Wendy, I do believe that's your little whelp!”
“There's my boat, John, with her sides stove in!”
“No, it isn't.
Why, we burned your boat.”
“That's her, at any rate.

The Cape of Good Hope, and all the watery region round about there, is much like some noted four corners of a great highway, where you meet more travellers than in any other part.
It was not very long after speaking the Goney that another homeward-bound whaleman, the Town-Ho,* was encountered.
She was manned almost wholly by Polynesians.
In the short gam that ensued she gave us strong news of Moby Dick.
To some the general interest in the White Whale was now wildly heightened by a circumstance of the Town-Ho’s story, which seemed obscurely to involve with the whale a certain wondrous, inverted visitation of one of those so called judgments of God which at times are said to overtake some men.
This latter circumstance, with its own particular accompaniments, forming what may be called the secret part of the tragedy about to be narrated, never reached the ears of Captain Ahab or his mates.
For that secret part of the story was unknown to the captain of the Town-Ho himself.
It was the private property of three confederate white seamen of that ship, one of whom, it seems, communicated it to Tashtego with Romish injunctions of secrecy, but the following night Tashtego rambled in his sleep, and revealed so much of it in that way, that when he was wakened he could not well withhold the rest.
Nevertheless, so potent an influence did this thing have on those seamen in the Pequod who came to the full knowledge of it, and by such a strange delicacy, to call it so, were they governed in this matter, that they kept the secret among themselves so that it never transpired abaft the Pequod’s main-mast.
Interweaving in its proper place this darker thread with the story as publicly narrated on the ship, the whole of this strange affair I now proceed to put on lasting record.
*The ancient whale-cry upon first sighting a whale from the mast-head, still used by whalemen in hunting the famous Gallipagos terrapin.
For my humor’s sake, I shall preserve the style in which I once narrated it at Lima, to a lounging circle of my Spanish friends, one saint’s eve, smoking upon the thick-gilt tiled piazza of the Golden Inn.

"Now, mistress," said he, "I'll be earlier at my work tomorrow if I sleep comfortably on the sheltery side of a pile of dry peat on dry grass, and not be coming here and going back.
So you may as well give me my supper, and be done with the day's trouble."
She gave him that, thinking he'd take it to the bog; but he fell to on the spot, and did not leave a scrap to tell tales on him; and the mistress was a little astonished.
He called to speak to the master in the haggard, and said he, "What are servants asked to do in this country after aten their supper?"
"Nothing at all, but to go to bed."
"Oh, very well, sir."
He went up on the stable-loft, stripped, and lay down, and some one that saw him told the master.
He came up.
"Jack, you anointed scoundrel, what do you mean?"
"To go to sleep, master.
The mistress, God bless her, is after giving me my breakfast, dinner, and supper, and yourself told me that bed was the next thing.
Do you blame me, sir?"

"Why the mother will be in a tremendous scare, and before your master and mistress know what to do, you must run after me and rescue the child and take it home safely to its parents, and you will see that when the butcher comes they won't have the heart to sell you."
The monkey thanked the boar many times and then went home.
He did not sleep much that night, as you may imagine, for thinking of the morrow.
His life depended on whether the boar's plan succeeded or not.
He was the first up, waiting anxiously for what was to happen.
It seemed to him a very long time before his master's wife began to move about and open the shutters to let in the light of day.
Then all happened as the boar had planned.
The mother placed her child near the porch as usual while she tidied up the house and got her breakfast ready.
The child was crooning happily in the morning sunlight, dabbing on the mats at the play of light and shadow.
Suddenly there was a noise in the porch and a loud cry from the child.
The mother ran out from the kitchen to the spot, only just in time to see the boar disappearing through the gate with her child in its clutch.
She flung out her hands with a loud cry of despair and rushed into the inner room where her husband was still sleeping soundly.

Then they questioned the servants, and when they heard of the Fakir and the little black dog, they guessed what had happened, and sent in every direction seeking them, but neither the Fakir nor the dog were to be found.
What could six poor women do?
They gave up all hopes of ever seeing their kind husbands, and their sister, and her husband, again, and devoted themselves thenceforward to teaching and taking care of their little nephew.
Thus time went on, till Balna's son was fourteen years old.
Then, one day, his aunts told him the history of the family; and no sooner did he hear it, than he was seized with a great desire to go in search of his father and mother and uncles, and if he could find them alive to bring them home again.
His aunts, on learning his determination, were much alarmed and tried to dissuade him, saying, "We have lost our husbands, and our sister and her husband, and you are now our sole hope; if you go away, what shall we do?"
But he replied, "I pray you not to be discouraged; I will return soon, and if it is possible bring my father and mother and uncles with me."
So he set out on his travels; but for some months he could learn nothing to help him in his search.
At last, after he had journeyed many hundreds of weary miles, and become almost hopeless of ever hearing anything further of his parents, he one day came to a country that seemed full of stones, and rocks, and trees, and there he saw a large palace with a high tower; hard by which was a Malee's little house.
As he was looking about, the Malee's wife saw him, and ran out of the house and said, "My dear boy, who are you that dare venture to this dangerous place?"
He answered, "I am a Raja's son, and I come in search of my father, and my uncles, and my mother whom a wicked enchanter bewitched."
Then the Malee's wife said, "This country and this palace belong to a great enchanter; he is all powerful, and if any one displeases him, he can turn them into stones and trees.

hold your tongue!” said the landlord’s wife; “so many people have paid for their curiosity with their lives, it were a thousand pities if those beautiful eyes were never again to behold daylight.” But the youth said: “No matter how difficult, I insist on learning it; why, that’s what I’ve set out to do.” He left the landlord no peace till he told him that in the neighborhood stood a haunted castle, where one could easily learn to shudder if one only kept watch in it for three nights.
The King had promised the man who dared to do this thing his daughter as wife, and she was the most beautiful maiden under the sun.
There was also much treasure hid in the castle, guarded by evil spirits, which would then be free, and was sufficient to make a poor man more than rich.
Many had already gone in, but so far none had ever come out again.
So the youth went to the King and spoke: “If I were allowed, I should much like to watch for three nights in the castle.” The King looked at him, and because he pleased him, he said: “You can ask for three things, none of them living, and those you may take with you into the castle.” Then he answered: “Well, I shall beg for a fire, a turning lathe, and a carving bench with the knife attached.”
On the following day the King had everything put into the castle; and when night drew on the youth took up his position there, lit a bright fire in one of the rooms, placed the carving bench with the knife close to it, and sat himself down on the turning lathe.
“Oh!
if I could only shudder!” he said: “but I sha’n’t learn it here either.” Toward midnight he wanted to make up the fire, and as he was blowing up a blaze he heard a shriek from a corner.
“Ou, miou!
how cold we are!” “You fools!” he cried; “why do you scream?
If you are cold, come and sit at the fire and warm yourselves.” And as he spoke two huge black cats sprang fiercely forward and sat down, one on each side of him, and gazed wildly at him with their fiery eyes.
After a time, when they had warmed themselves, they said: “Friend, shall we play a little game of cards?” “Why not?” he replied; “but first let me see your paws.” Then they stretched out their claws.
“Ha!” said he; “what long nails you’ve got!

"And if I did, do you suppose I didn't expect you to have the sense to break your promise?"
I had finished.
I had no further observations to make.
I hung up the receiver, and crawled into bed.
I still see Bobbie when he comes to the club, but I do not visit the old homestead.
He is friendly, but he stops short of issuing invitations.
I ran across Mary at the Academy last week, and her eyes went through me like a couple of bullets through a pat of butter.
And as they came out the other side, and I limped off to piece myself together again, there occurred to me the simple epitaph which, when I am no more, I intend to have inscribed on my tombstone.
It was this:
"He was a man who acted from the best motives.
There is one born every minute."
HELPING FREDDIE 
I don't want to bore you, don't you know, and all that sort of rot, but I must tell you about dear old Freddie Meadowes.
I'm not a flier at literary style, and all that, but I'll get some writer chappie to give the thing a wash and brush up when I've finished, so that'll be all right.

"Sometimes."
continued Lucy, after wiping her eyes, "I think whether it would not be better for us both to break off the matter entirely."
As she said this, she looked directly at her companion.
"But then at other times I have not resolution enough for it.
I cannot bear the thoughts of making him so miserable, as I know the very mention of such a thing would do.
And on my own account too so dear as he is to me I don't think I could be equal to it.
What would you advise me to do in such a case, Miss Dashwood?
What would you do yourself?"
"Pardon me," replied Elinor, startled by the question; "but I can give you no advice under such circumstances.
Your own judgment must direct you."
"To be sure," continued Lucy, after a few minutes silence on both sides, "his mother must provide for him sometime or other; but poor Edward is so cast down by it!
Did you not think him dreadful low-spirited when he was at Barton?

And the first danger passed!”
These are again the words of Jarvis Lorry, as he clasps his hands, and looks upward.
There is terror in the carriage, there is weeping, there is the heavy breathing of the insensible traveller.
“Are we not going too slowly?
Can they not be induced to go faster?”
 asks Lucie, clinging to the old man.
“It would seem like flight, my darling.
I must not urge them too much; it would rouse suspicion.”
“Look back, look back, and see if we are pursued!”
“The road is clear, my dearest.
So far, we are not pursued.”
Houses in twos and threes pass by us, solitary farms, ruinous buildings, dye-works, tanneries, and the like, open country, avenues of leafless trees.
The hard uneven pavement is under us, the soft deep mud is on either side.
Sometimes, we strike into the skirting mud, to avoid the stones that clatter us and shake us; sometimes, we stick in ruts and sloughs there.
The agony of our impatience is then so great, that in our wild alarm and hurry we are for getting out and running hiding doing anything but stopping.
Out of the open country, in again among ruinous buildings, solitary farms, dye-works, tanneries, and the like, cottages in twos and threes, avenues of leafless trees.
Have these men deceived us, and taken us back by another road?

Part of them ran away, the others he killed, and threw out into the fish-pond.
When he came back he fanned the embers of his fire again and warmed himself.
And as he thus sat, his eyes would keep open no longer, and he felt a desire to sleep.
Then he looked round and saw a great bed in the corner.
“That is the very thing for me,” said he, and got into it.
When he was just going to shut his eyes, however, the bed began to move of its own accord, and went over the whole of the castle.
“That’s right,”
said he, “but go faster.” Then the bed rolled on as if six horses were harnessed to it, up and down, over thresholds and steps, but suddenly hop, hop, it turned over upside down, and lay on him like a mountain.
But he threw quilts and pillows up in the air, got out and said, “Now any one who likes, may drive,” and lay down by his fire, and slept till it was day.
In the morning the King came, and when he saw him lying there on the ground, he thought the evil spirits had killed him and he was dead.
Then said he, “After all it is a pity,—he is a handsome man.”
The youth heard it, got up, and said, “It has not come to that yet.”
Then the King was astonished, but very glad, and asked how he had fared.
“Very well indeed,” answered he; “one night is past, the two others will get over likewise.” Then he went to the innkeeper, who opened his eyes very wide, and said, “I never expected to see thee alive again!
Hast thou learnt how to shudder yet?” “No,” said he, “it is all in vain.

For there, plain to be seen, was the dragon, as big as a barge, glowing like a furnace, and spitting fire and showing his shining teeth.
"The hunt is up!"
cried the Prince.
And indeed it was.
For the dragon instead of behaving as a quarry should, and running away ran straight at the pack, and the Prince, on his elephant, had the mortification of seeing his prize pack swallowed up one by one in the twinkling of an eye, by the dragon they had come out to hunt.
The dragon swallowed all the hippopotamuses just as a dog swallows bits of meat.
It was a shocking sight.
Of the whole of the pack that had come out sporting so merrily to the music of the horn, now not even a puppy-hippopotamus was left, and the dragon was looking anxiously around to see if he had forgotten anything.
The Prince slipped off his elephant on the other side and ran into the thickest part of the wood.
He hoped the dragon could not break through the bushes there, since they were very strong and close.
He went crawling on hands and knees in a most un-Prince-like way, and at last, finding a hollow tree, he crept into it.
The wood was very still no crashing of branches and no smell of burning came to alarm the Prince.

I could have entered this room in the night many times, and without causing her to turn upon her pillow.
If the other bearer passes to me the things through the window, I can do all and she will not stir.
When she awakens she will think a magician has been here."
He smiled as if his heart warmed under his white robe, and the secretary smiled back at him.
"It will be like a story from the Arabian Nights," he said.
"Only an Oriental could have planned it.
It does not belong to London fogs."
They did not remain very long, to the great relief of Melchisedec, who, as he probably did not comprehend their conversation, felt their movements and whispers ominous.
The young secretary seemed interested in everything.
He wrote down things about the floor, the fireplace, the broken footstool, the old table, the walls which last he touched with his hand again and again, seeming much pleased when he found that a number of old nails had been driven in various places.
"You can hang things on them," he said.
Ram Dass smiled mysteriously.

Nightly he continued his exertions to approach the source of the delightful sounds he heard, till at length he had plowed out a wide and handsome channel, and so effected his passage from the river to the hill, a distance extending an arrow's-flight.
Thither he repaired every night at the commencement of darkness, sure to meet the maiden who had become so necessary to his happiness.
Soon he began to speak of the pleasure he enjoyed, and to fill the ears of Awashanks with fond protestations of his love and affection.
Instead of singing to him, she now began to listen to his voice.
It was something so new and strange to her to hear the tones of love and courtship, a thing so unusual to be told she was beautiful, that it is not wonderful her head was turned by the new incident, and that she began to think the voice of her lover the sweetest she had ever heard.
One thing marred their happiness.
This was that the trout could not live upon land, nor the maiden in the water.
This state of things gave them much sorrow.
They had met one evening at the usual place, and were discoursing together, lamenting that two who loved each other so, should be doomed always to live apart, when a man appeared close to Awashanks.
He asked the lovers why they seemed to be so sad.
The chief of the trouts told the stranger the cause of their sorrow.
"Be not grieved nor hopeless," said the stranger, when the chief had finished.

She sat rather huddled up, and her green eyes shone and her cheeks flushed.
She told stories of the voyage, and stories of India; but what fascinated Ermengarde the most was her fancy about the dolls who walked and talked, and who could do anything they chose when the human beings were out of the room, but who must keep their powers a secret and so flew back to their places "like lightning" when people returned to the room.
"WE couldn't do it," said Sara, seriously.
"You see, it's a kind of magic."
Once, when she was relating the story of the search for Emily, Ermengarde saw her face suddenly change.
A cloud seemed to pass over it and put out the light in her shining eyes.
She drew her breath in so sharply that it made a funny, sad little sound, and then she shut her lips and held them tightly closed, as if she was determined either to do or NOT to do something.
Ermengarde had an idea that if she had been like any other little girl, she might have suddenly burst out sobbing and crying.
But she did not.
"Have you a a pain?"
Ermengarde ventured.
"Yes," Sara answered, after a moment's silence.

The reader must understand that, for all these bitter words, he was a kind, gentle, harmless, poor fellow enough, whom Nature, tossing her ingredients together without looking at her recipe, had sent into the world with too much of one sort of brain, and hardly any of another.
"Friend," said the young Shaker, in some perplexity, "thee seemest to have met with great troubles; and, doubtless, I should pity them, if if I could but understand what they were."
"Happy in your ignorance!"
replied the poet, with an air of sublime superiority.
"To your coarser mind, perhaps, I may seem to speak of more important griefs when I add, what I had well-nigh forgotten, that I am out at elbows, and almost starved to death.
At any rate, you have the advice and example of one individual to warn you back; for I am come hither, a disappointed man, flinging aside the fragments of my hopes, and seeking shelter in the calm retreat which you are so anxious to leave."
"I thank thee, friend," rejoined the youth, "but I do not mean to be a poet, nor, Heaven be praised!
do I think Miriam ever made a varse in her life.
So we need not fear thy disappointments.
But, Miriam," he added, with real concern, "thee knowest that the elders admit nobody that has not a gift to be useful.
Now, what under the sun can they do with this poor varse-maker?"
"Nay, Josiah, do not thee discourage the poor man," said the girl, in all simplicity and kindness.

there is good cheer in store for you, Queequeg.
For now, as with blue lips and blood-shot eyes the exhausted savage at last climbs up the chains and stands all dripping and involuntarily trembling over the side; the steward advances, and with a benevolent, consolatory glance hands him—what?
Some hot Cognac?
No!
hands him, ye gods!
hands him a cup of tepid ginger and water!
“Ginger?
Do I smell ginger?” suspiciously asked Stubb, coming near.
“Yes, this must be ginger,” peering into the as yet untasted cup.
Then standing as if incredulous for a while, he calmly walked towards the astonished steward slowly saying, “Ginger?
ginger?
and will you have the goodness to tell me, Mr. Dough-Boy, where lies the virtue of ginger?

Though but a little man, they were great words he said.
ST. GEORGE.
Ah!
cruel monster.
What havoc hast thou made?
See where the lovely stripling all on the floor is laid.
A doctor!
A doctor!
Ten pounds for a doctor!
[DAME DOLLY dances forward, bobbing as before.]
DAME DOLLY.
Here comes I, little Dame Dorothy, Flap front, and good-morrow to ye; My head is big, my body is small, I'm the prettiest little jade of you all.

Now I shall be hungry and lonely too!
Where shall I go, and what can I do?
Little Wood Fairy.
Little Two-Eyes, why are you weeping?
Little Two-Eyes.
Because my mother has killed my poor goat, and she has sent me here to stay all alone, and I am so hungry and thirsty again.
Little Wood Fairy.
Little Two-Eyes, let me tell you what to do.
Ask your sisters to give you the heart of your goat.
Bury it in the ground before the house door.
Watch, and to-morrow a wonderful tree will come up out of the ground.
Little Two-Eyes.

No!
no time to think about Death then.
Life was what Captain Ahab and I was thinking of; and how to save all hands—how to rig jury-masts—how to get into the nearest port; that was what I was thinking of.”
Bildad said no more, but buttoning up his coat, stalked on deck, where we followed him.
There he stood, very quietly overlooking some sailmakers who were mending a top-sail in the waist.
Now and then he stooped to pick up a patch, or save an end of tarred twine, which otherwise might have been wasted.
CHAPTER 19.
The Prophet.
“Shipmates, have ye shipped in that ship?”
Queequeg and I had just left the Pequod, and were sauntering away from the water, for the moment each occupied with his own thoughts, when the above words were put to us by a stranger, who, pausing before us, levelled his massive forefinger at the vessel in question.
He was but shabbily apparelled in faded jacket and patched trowsers; a rag of a black handkerchief investing his neck.
A confluent small-pox had in all directions flowed over his face, and left it like the complicated ribbed bed of a torrent, when the rushing waters have been dried up.
“Have ye shipped in her?” he repeated.
“You mean the ship Pequod, I suppose,” said I, trying to gain a little more time for an uninterrupted look at him.

"I command you to come no farther," cried he.
But the waves came on and on, until they wetted Canute's feet, and splashed his chair.
Then the king rose and went to his lords, who were standing a little way off, staring at their master, and talking in low tones about his strange conduct.
"Learn from this to keep your tongues from idle praise," said he sternly.
"No king is great and powerful but God.
He only can say to the sea: 'Thus far shalt thou come, and no farther.'"
The Brave Men of Calais
Many years ago, King Edward III of England took the town of Calais from the French king.
He could not take it by force, for the walls were very strong, but he succeeded by another plan.
He placed his soldiers all round the walls, and would let no one go into the town to take food to the people.
Inside the walls, the people waited bravely, but at last all their food was eaten, and then they knew that if they tried to hold the town any longer they would starve.
So the governor sent word to King Edward that he would give up the city, and begged him to have mercy on the people.
But Edward was angry.

“You caught him by the arms, you know, prince.
No man of proper pride can stand that sort of treatment in public.”
“Yes, and he gave me a fearful dig in the chest,” cried the prince, still laughing.
“What are we to fight about?
I shall beg his pardon, that’s all.
But if we must fight we’ll fight!
Let him have a shot at me, by all means; I should rather like it.
Ha, ha, ha!
I know how to load a pistol now; do you know how to load a pistol, Keller?
First, you have to buy the powder, you know; it mustn’t be wet, and it mustn’t be that coarse stuff that they load cannons with it must be pistol powder.
Then you pour the powder in, and get hold of a bit of felt from some door, and then shove the bullet in.
But don’t shove the bullet in before the powder, because the thing wouldn’t go off do you hear, Keller, the thing wouldn’t go off!
Ha, ha, ha!

Our visitor bore every mark of being an average commonplace British tradesman, obese, pompous, and slow.
He wore rather baggy grey shepherd’s check trousers, a not over-clean black frock-coat, unbuttoned in the front, and a drab waistcoat with a heavy brassy Albert chain, and a square pierced bit of metal dangling down as an ornament.
A frayed top-hat and a faded brown overcoat with a wrinkled velvet collar lay upon a chair beside him.
Altogether, look as I would, there was nothing remarkable about the man save his blazing red head, and the expression of extreme chagrin and discontent upon his features.
Sherlock Holmes’ quick eye took in my occupation, and he shook his head with a smile as he noticed my questioning glances.
“Beyond the obvious facts that he has at some time done manual labour, that he takes snuff, that he is a Freemason, that he has been in China, and that he has done a considerable amount of writing lately, I can deduce nothing else.”
Mr. Jabez Wilson started up in his chair, with his forefinger upon the paper, but his eyes upon my companion.
“How, in the name of good-fortune, did you know all that, Mr. Holmes?”
he asked.
“How did you know, for example, that I did manual labour.
It’s as true as gospel, for I began as a ship’s carpenter.”
“Your hands, my dear sir.
Your right hand is quite a size larger than your left.
You have worked with it, and the muscles are more developed.”
“Well, the snuff, then, and the Freemasonry?”
“I won’t insult your intelligence by telling you how I read that, especially as, rather against the strict rules of your order, you use an arc-and-compass breastpin.”
“Ah, of course, I forgot that.
But the writing?”
“What else can be indicated by that right cuff so very shiny for five inches, and the left one with the smooth patch near the elbow where you rest it upon the desk?”
“Well, but China?”
“The fish that you have tattooed immediately above your right wrist could only have been done in China.

Where is he?"
"In prison," said John.
"In prison!"
John nodded.
"A good many things have happened since you left for your vacation.
Smith assaulted a policeman, and is now on Blackwell's Island."
Mr. Renshaw gasped.
Mr. B. Henderson Asher stared, and stumbled over the cat.
"And who are you?"
asked the editor.
"My name is Maude.
I "
He broke off, to turn his attention to Mr. Jarvis and Mr. Asher, between whom unpleasantness seemed to have arisen.

Don't ask or tell anyone.
Get me my rubbers, and put these slippers with our things.
I can't dance anymore, but as soon as supper is over, watch for Hannah and tell me the minute she comes."
"They are going out to supper now.
I'll stay with you.
I'd rather."
"No, dear, run along, and bring me some coffee.
I'm so tired I can't stir."
So Meg reclined, with rubbers well hidden, and Jo went blundering away to the dining room, which she found after going into a china closet, and opening the door of a room where old Mr. Gardiner was taking a little private refreshment.
Making a dart at the table, she secured the coffee, which she immediately spilled, thereby making the front of her dress as bad as the back.
"Oh, dear, what a blunderbuss I am!"
exclaimed Jo, finishing Meg's glove by scrubbing her gown with it.

A dimple even showed itself at the corners of pretty Alicia's prim little mouth.
Champe giggled, till Ross heard Cady whisper:
"Now you got one dem snickerin' spells agin.
You gwine bust yo' dress buttons off in the back ef you don't mind."
As the spirits of those about them mounted, the hearts of the two youths sank if it was like this among the Claibornes, what would it be at school and in the world at large when their failure to connect intention with result became village talk?
Ross bit fiercely upon an unoffending batter-cake, and resolved to make a call single-handed before he left the house.
They went out of the dining-room, their hats as ever pressed to their breasts.
With no volition of their own, their uncertain young legs carried them to the porch.
The Claiborne family and household followed like small boys after a circus procession.
When the two turned, at bay, yet with nothing between them and liberty but a hypnotism of their own suggestion, they saw the black faces of the servants peering over the family shoulders.
Ross was the boy to have drawn courage from the desperation of their case, and made some decent if not glorious ending.
But at the psychological moment there came around the corner of the house that most contemptible figure known to the Southern plantation, a shirt-boy a creature who may be described, for the benefit of those not informed, as a pickaninny clad only in a long, coarse cotton shirt.
While all eyes were fastened upon him this inglorious ambassador bolted forth his message:
"Yo' ma say" his eyes were fixed upon Abner "ef yo' don' come home, she gwine come after yo' an' cut yo' into inch pieces wid a rawhide when she git yo'.

The old woman was sitting in that lonely place at her spinning-wheel, spinning.
It was already dusk, and a log which was burning on the hearth gave a scanty light.
All at once there was a noise outside, the geese were coming home from the pasture, and uttering their hoarse cries.
Soon afterwards the daughter also entered.
But the old woman scarcely thanked her, and only shook her head a little.
The daughter sat down beside her, took her spinning-wheel, and twisted the threads as nimbly as a young girl.
Thus they both sat for two hours, and exchanged never a word.
At last something rustled at the window, and two fiery eyes peered in.
It was an old night-owl, which cried, “Uhu!”
three times.
The old woman looked up just a little, then she said, “Now, my little daughter, it is time for thee to go out and do thy work.” She rose and went out, and where did she go?
Over the meadows ever onward into the valley.
At last she came to a well, with three old oak-trees standing beside it; meanwhile the moon had risen large and round over the mountain, and it was so light that one could have found a needle.

Go home to your wife!"
Almost immediately Sara opened the door, and when she did so she found Ermengarde standing with alarmed eyes upon the threshold.
"Who who ARE you talking to, Sara?"
she gasped out.
Sara drew her in cautiously, but she looked as if something pleased and amused her.
"You must promise not to be frightened not to scream the least bit, or I can't tell you," she answered.
Ermengarde felt almost inclined to scream on the spot, but managed to control herself.
She looked all round the attic and saw no one.
And yet Sara had certainly been speaking TO someone.
She thought of ghosts.
"Is it something that will frighten me?"
she asked timorously.

Thus reunited, the whole party went down through Luther Butler's orchard, and made the best of their way home to Tanglewood.
TANGLEWOOD TALES 
By Nathaniel Hawthorne 
THE WAYSIDE.
INTRODUCTORY.
A short time ago, I was favored with a flying visit from my young friend Eustace Bright, whom I had not before met with since quitting the breezy mountains of Berkshire.
It being the winter vacation at his college, Eustace was allowing himself a little relaxation, in the hope, he told me, of repairing the inroads which severe application to study had made upon his health; and I was happy to conclude, from the excellent physical condition in which I saw him, that the remedy had already been attended with very desirable success.
He had now run up from Boston by the noon train, partly impelled by the friendly regard with which he is pleased to honor me, and partly, as I soon found, on a matter of literary business.
It delighted me to receive Mr.
Bright, for the first time, under a roof, though a very humble one, which I could really call my own.
Nor did I fail (as is the custom of landed proprietors all about the world) to parade the poor fellow up and down over my half a dozen acres; secretly rejoicing, nevertheless, that the disarray of the inclement season, and particularly the six inches of snow then upon the ground, prevented him from observing the ragged neglect of soil and shrubbery into which the place had lapsed.
It was idle, however, to imagine that an airy guest from Monument Mountain, Bald Summit, and old Graylock, shaggy with primeval forests, could see anything to admire in my poor little hillside, with its growth of frail and insect-eaten locust trees.
Eustace very frankly called the view from my hill top tame; and so, no doubt, it was, after rough, broken, rugged, headlong Berkshire, and especially the northern parts of the county, with which his college residence had made him familiar.
But to me there is a peculiar, quiet charm in these broad meadows and gentle eminences.

I feel it I would express it if I could but, as you well know, I am no orator."
"You are very much mistaken.
I do assure you that you owe it entirely, at least almost entirely, to your own merit, and Colonel Brandon's discernment of it.
I have had no hand in it.
I did not even know, till I understood his design, that the living was vacant; nor had it ever occurred to me that he might have had such a living in his gift.
As a friend of mine, of my family, he may, perhaps indeed I know he HAS, still greater pleasure in bestowing it; but, upon my word, you owe nothing to my solicitation."
Truth obliged her to acknowledge some small share in the action, but she was at the same time so unwilling to appear as the benefactress of Edward, that she acknowledged it with hesitation; which probably contributed to fix that suspicion in his mind which had recently entered it.
For a short time he sat deep in thought, after Elinor had ceased to speak; at last, and as if it were rather an effort, he said, 
"Colonel Brandon seems a man of great worth and respectability.
I have always heard him spoken of as such, and your brother I know esteems him highly.
He is undoubtedly a sensible man, and in his manners perfectly the gentleman."
"Indeed," replied Elinor, "I believe that you will find him, on farther acquaintance, all that you have heard him to be, and as you will be such very near neighbours (for I understand the parsonage is almost close to the mansion-house,) it is particularly important that he SHOULD be all this."
Edward made no answer; but when she had turned away her head, gave her a look so serious, so earnest, so uncheerful, as seemed to say, that he might hereafter wish the distance between the parsonage and the mansion-house much greater.

It was his custom to tear up to this house a dozen times a week, on his father's old horse or afoot; he was wont to yell for Champe as he approached, and quarrel joyously with her while he performed such errand as he had come upon; but he was gagged and hamstrung now by the hypnotism of Abner's scheme.
"'Walk quietly up the steps; ring the bell and lay your card on the servant,'" quoted Abner, who had never heard of a server.
"'Lay your card on the servant!'"
echoed Ross.
"Cady'd dodge.
There's a porch to cross after you go up the steps does it say anything about that?"
"It says that the card should be placed on the servant," Abner reiterated, doggedly.
"If Cady dodges, it ain't any business of mine.
There are no porches in my book.
Just walk across it like anybody.
We'll ask for Miss Champe Claiborne."
"We haven't got any cards," discovered Ross, with hope.

And don't it taste good, too?
They haven't put so much chicken in yours as they have in mine.
If you don't mind my having tasted it, we'll change."
The old man declined this liberal offer, took Bert's advice to help himself freely to bread, which "didn't cost anything," and ate his soup with prodigious relish, as it seemed to Bert, who grew more and more hospitable and patronizing as the repast proceeded.
"Come, now, won't you have something between the soup and the pie?
Don't be afraid: I'll pay for it.
Thanksgiving don't come but once a year.
You won't?
A cup of tea, then, to go with your pie?"
"I think I will have a cup of tea; you are so kind," said the old man.
"All right!
Here, waiter!

“Well, then,” said Epimetheus, who was a very good-tempered child, like a multitude of children in those days, “let us run out and have a merry time with our playmates.”
“I am tired of merry times, and don’t care if I never have any more!”
 answered our pettish little Pandora.
“And, besides, I never do have any.
This ugly box!
I am so taken up with thinking about it all the time.
I insist upon your telling me what is inside of it.”
“As I have already said, fifty times over, I do not know!” replied Epimetheus, getting a little vexed.
“How, then, can I tell you what is inside?”
“You might open it,” said Pandora, looking sideways at Epimetheus, “and then we could see for ourselves.”
“Pandora, what are you thinking of?” exclaimed Epimetheus.
And his face expressed so much horror at the idea of looking into a box, which had been confided to him on the condition of his never opening it, that Pandora thought it best not to suggest it any more.
Still, however, she could not help thinking and talking about the box.
“At least,” said she, “you can tell me how it came here.”
“It was left at the door,” replied Epimetheus, “just before you came, by a person who looked very smiling and intelligent, and who could hardly forbear laughing as he put it down.
He was dressed in an-odd kind of a cloak, and had on a cap that seemed to be made partly of feathers, so that it looked almost as if it had wings.”
“What sort of a staff had he?” asked Pandora.
“O, the most curious staff you ever saw!”  cried Epimetheus.
“It was like two serpents twisting around a stick, and was carved so naturally that I, at first, bought the serpents were alive.”
“I know him,” said Pandora, thoughtfully.

Emblazonings, as of crowned Babylonian kings and queens, reigned over everything.
The sea was as a crucible of molten gold, that bubblingly leaps with light and heat.
Long maintaining an enchanted silence, Ahab stood apart; and every time the tetering ship loweringly pitched down her bowsprit, he turned to eye the bright sun’s rays produced ahead; and when she profoundly settled by the stern, he turned behind, and saw the sun’s rearward place, and how the same yellow rays were blending with his undeviating wake.
“Ha, ha, my ship!
thou mightest well be taken now for the sea-chariot of the sun.
Ho, ho!
all ye nations before my prow, I bring the sun to ye!
Yoke on the further billows; hallo!
a tandem, I drive the sea!”
But suddenly reined back by some counter thought, he hurried towards the helm, huskily demanding how the ship was heading.
“East-sou-east, sir,” said the frightened steersman.
“Thou liest!” smiting him with his clenched fist.
“Heading East at this hour in the morning, and the sun astern?”
Upon this every soul was confounded; for the phenomenon just then observed by Ahab had unaccountably escaped every one else; but its very blinding palpableness must have been the cause.

But Ivan was good-hearted and quiet.
Ask of him a belt, he will give a kaftan also; take his mittens, he certainly would want to have you take his cap with them.
And that is why all liked Ivan, and usually called him Ivanoushka the Simpleton; though the name means fool, at the same time it carries the idea of a kind heart.
Our old man lived on with his sons until finally his hour came to die.
He called his three sons and said to them:
"Dear children of mine, my dying hour is at hand and ye must fulfill my will.
Every one of you come to my grave and spend one night with me; thou, Tom, the first night; thou, Pakhom, the second night; and thou, Ivanoushka the Simpleton, the third."
Two of the brothers, as clever people, promised their father to do according to his bidding, but the Simpleton did not even promise; he only scratched his head.
The old man died and was buried.
During the celebration the family and guests had plenty of pancakes to eat and plenty of whisky to wash them down.
Now you remember that on the first night Thomas was to go to the grave; but he was too lazy, or possibly afraid, so he said to the Simpleton:
"I must be up very early to-morrow morning; I have to thresh; go thou for me to our father's grave."
"All right," answered Ivanoushka the Simpleton.
He took a slice of black rye bread, went to the grave, stretched himself out, and soon began to snore.

Now when a country dandy like this takes it into his head to make a distinguished reputation, and joins the great whale-fishery, you should see the comical things he does upon reaching the seaport.
In bespeaking his sea-outfit, he orders bell-buttons to his waistcoats; straps to his canvas trowsers.
Ah, poor Hay-Seed!
how bitterly will burst those straps in the first howling gale, when thou art driven, straps, buttons, and all, down the throat of the tempest.
But think not that this famous town has only harpooneers, cannibals, and bumpkins to show her visitors.
Not at all.
Still New Bedford is a queer place.
Had it not been for us whalemen, that tract of land would this day perhaps have been in as howling condition as the coast of Labrador.
As it is, parts of her back country are enough to frighten one, they look so bony.
The town itself is perhaps the dearest place to live in, in all New England.
It is a land of oil, true enough: but not like Canaan; a land, also, of corn and wine.
The streets do not run with milk; nor in the spring-time do they pave them with fresh eggs.

"I'm Tiresome, the Prince," said the other.
"And what are you doing out of your palace at this time of night?"
asked the pig keeper, severely.
"I've been hunting," said the Prince.
The pig keeper laughed.
"Oh, it was you I saw, then?
A good hunt, wasn't it?
My pigs and I were looking on."
All the sleeping forms grunted and snored, and the Prince saw that they were pigs: He knew it by their manners.
"If you had known as much as I do," Elfin went on, "you might have saved your pack."
"What do you mean?"
said Tiresome.

I see by your expression that you did not!
Well, how did she die?
Answer!”
“Oh!
do stop you are too absurd!”
“This is how she died.
After all this honour and glory, after having been almost a Queen, she was guillotined by that butcher, Samson.
She was quite innocent, but it had to be done, for the satisfaction of the fishwives of Paris.
She was so terrified, that she did not understand what was happening.
But when Samson seized her head, and pushed her under the knife with his foot, she cried out: ‘Wait a moment!
wait a moment, monsieur!’ Well, because of that moment of bitter suffering, perhaps the Saviour will pardon her other faults, for one cannot imagine a greater agony.
As I read the story my heart bled for her.
And what does it matter to you, little worm, if I implored the Divine mercy for her, great sinner as she was, as I said my evening prayer?
I might have done it because I doubted if anyone had ever crossed himself for her sake before.

There lies my bow; it shoots well, I can assure you!
Look, the weather is now clearing up, and the moon is shining clear again through the window.”
“Why, your bow is quite spoiled,” said the old poet.
“That were sad indeed,” said the boy, and he took the bow in his hand and examined it on every side.
“Oh, it is dry again, and is not hurt at all; the string is quite tight.
I will try it directly.” And he bent his bow, took aim, and shot an arrow at the old poet, right into his heart.
“You see now that my bow was not spoiled,” said he laughing; and away he ran.
The naughty boy, to shoot the old poet in that way; he who had taken him into his warm room, who had treated him so kindly, and who had given him warm wine and the very best apples!
The poor poet lay on the earth and wept, for the arrow had really flown into his heart.
“Fie!” said he.
“How naughty a boy Cupid is!
I will tell all children about him, that they may take care and not play with him, for he will only cause them sorrow and many a heartache.”
And all good children to whom he related this story, took great heed of this naughty Cupid; but he made fools of them still, for he is astonishingly cunning.
When the university students come from the lectures, he runs beside them in a black coat, and with a book under his arm.

"Why, you know all about it.
She said she had told you."
"You don't mean  "
"The picture.
You refused to take it on, so she asked me."
"Reggie, old man," he said.
"I'll never believe what they say about repentance again.
It's a fool's trick and upsets everything.
If I hadn't repented, and thought it was rather rough on Elizabeth not to do a little thing like that for her, and come down here to do it after all, you wouldn't have stopped that sleep-producer with your chin.
I'm sorry."
"Me, too," I said, giving my head another shake to make certain it was still on.
"Are you feeling better now?"
"Better than I was.

In the universal decay this volatile substance had chanced to survive, perhaps through many thousands of centuries.
It reminded me of a sepia painting I had once seen done from the ink of a fossil Belemnite that must have perished and become fossilised millions of years ago.
I was about to throw it away, but I remembered that it was inflammable and burnt with a good bright flame—was, in fact, an excellent candle—and I put it in my pocket.
I found no explosives, however, nor any means of breaking down the bronze doors.
As yet my iron crowbar was the most helpful thing I had chanced upon.
Nevertheless I left that gallery greatly elated.
“I cannot tell you all the story of that long afternoon.
It would require a great effort of memory to recall my explorations in at all the proper order.
I remember a long gallery of rusting stands of arms, and how I hesitated between my crowbar and a hatchet or a sword.
I could not carry both, however, and my bar of iron promised best against the bronze gates.
There were numbers of guns, pistols, and rifles.
The most were masses of rust, but many were of some new metal, and still fairly sound.

Shortly afterwards, at the harvest festival, the owner released the Ox from his yoke, but bound the Heifer with cords and led him away to the altar to be slain in honor of the occasion.
The Ox saw what was being done, and said with a smile to the Heifer: “For this you were allowed to live in idleness, because you were presently to be sacrificed.”
The Swallow, the Serpent, and the Court of Justice 
A SWALLOW, returning from abroad and especially fond of dwelling with men, built herself a nest in the wall of a Court of Justice and there hatched seven young birds.
A Serpent gliding past the nest from its hole in the wall ate up the young unfledged nestlings.
The Swallow, finding her nest empty, lamented greatly and exclaimed: “Woe to me a stranger!
that in this place where all others’ rights are protected, I alone should suffer wrong.”
The Thief and His Mother 
A BOY stole a lesson-book from one of his schoolfellows and took it home to his Mother.
She not only abstained from beating him, but encouraged him.
He next time stole a cloak and brought it to her, and she again commended him.
The Youth, advanced to adulthood, proceeded to steal things of still greater value.
At last he was caught in the very act, and having his hands bound behind him, was led away to the place of public execution.
His Mother followed in the crowd and violently beat her breast in sorrow, whereupon the young man said, “I wish to say something to my Mother in her ear.” She came close to him, and he quickly seized her ear with his teeth and bit it off.
The Mother upbraided him as an unnatural child, whereon he replied, “Ah!
if you had beaten me when I first stole and brought to you that lesson-book, I should not have come to this, nor have been thus led to a disgraceful death.”
The Old Man and Death 
AN OLD MAN was employed in cutting wood in the forest, and, in carrying the faggots to the city for sale one day, became very wearied with his long journey.

It was dreadful, and the worst of it was John went on so quietly afterward, just as if nothing had happened, except that he stayed in town later, and worked at night when she had gone to cry herself to sleep.
A week of remorse nearly made Meg sick, and the discovery that John had countermanded the order for his new greatcoat reduced her to a state of despair which was pathetic to behold.
He had simply said, in answer to her surprised inquiries as to the change, "I can't afford it, my dear."
Meg said no more, but a few minutes after he found her in the hall with her face buried in the old greatcoat, crying as if her heart would break.
They had a long talk that night, and Meg learned to love her husband better for his poverty, because it seemed to have made a man of him, given him the strength and courage to fight his own way, and taught him a tender patience with which to bear and comfort the natural longings and failures of those he loved.
Next day she put her pride in her pocket, went to Sallie, told the truth, and asked her to buy the silk as a favor.
The good-natured Mrs.
Moffat willingly did so, and had the delicacy not to make her a present of it immediately afterward.
Then Meg ordered home the greatcoat, and when John arrived, she put it on, and asked him how he liked her new silk gown.
One can imagine what answer he made, how he received his present, and what a blissful state of things ensued.
John came home early, Meg gadded no more, and that greatcoat was put on in the morning by a very happy husband, and taken off at night by a most devoted little wife.
So the year rolled round, and at midsummer there came to Meg a new experience, the deepest and tenderest of a woman's life.
Laurie came sneaking into the kitchen of the Dovecote one Saturday, with an excited face, and was received with the clash of cymbals, for Hannah clapped her hands with a saucepan in one and the cover in the other.

Like women, she was very much afraid of mice, and she had more real cause for fear than they have, for I might have gnawed through the tree on which her life depended.
"I spoke to her in a friendly manner and begged her to take courage.
At last she took me up in her delicate hand, and I told her what had brought me out into the world.
She told me that perhaps on that very evening she would be able to obtain for me one of the two treasures for which I was seeking.
She told me that Phantæsus, the genius of the imagination, was her very dear friend; that he was as beautiful as the god of love; that he rested many an hour with her under the leafy boughs of the tree, which then rustled and waved more than ever.
He called her his dryad, she said, and the tree his tree, for the grand old oak with its gnarled trunk was just to his taste.
The root, which spread deep into the earth, and the top, which rose high in the fresh air, knew the value of the drifting snow, the keen wind, and the warm sunshine, as it ought to be known.
'Yes,' continued the dryad, 'the birds sing up above in the branches and talk to each other about the beautiful fields they have visited in foreign lands.
On one of the withered boughs a stork has built his nest it is beautifully arranged, and, besides, it is pleasant to hear a little about the land of the pyramids.
All this pleases Phantæsus, but it is not enough for him.
I am obliged to relate to him of my life in the woods and to go back to my childhood, when I was little and the tree so small and delicate that a stinging nettle could overshadow it, and I have to tell everything that has happened since then until now, when the tree is so large and strong.
Sit you down now under the green bindwood and pay attention.

"Why, you see, Jo is crazy about horses and so am I, but we've only got an old sidesaddle and no horse.
Out in our garden is an apple tree that has a nice low branch, so Jo put the saddle on it, fixed some reins on the part that turns up, and we bounce away on Ellen Tree whenever we like."
"How funny!"
laughed Grace.
"I have a pony at home, and ride nearly every day in the park with Fred and Kate.
It's very nice, for my friends go too, and the Row is full of ladies and gentlemen."
"Dear, how charming!
I hope I shall go abroad some day, but I'd rather go to Rome than the Row," said Amy, who had not the remotest idea what the Row was and wouldn't have asked for the world.
Frank, sitting just behind the little girls, heard what they were saying, and pushed his crutch away from him with an impatient gesture as he watched the active lads going through all sorts of comical gymnastics.
Beth, who was collecting the scattered Author cards, looked up and said, in her shy yet friendly way, "I'm afraid you are tired.
Can I do anything for you?"
"Talk to me, please.

I would let them take me there in my chair.
That would be getting fresh air.
I am going to make them open the door.”
He had become quite excited and his strange eyes began to shine like stars and looked more immense than ever.
“They have to please me,” he said.
“I will make them take me there and I will let you go, too.”
Mary’s hands clutched each other.
Everything would be spoiled—everything!
Dickon would never come back.
She would never again feel like a missel thrush with a safe-hidden nest.
“Oh, don’t—don’t—don’t—don’t do that!” she cried out.
He stared as if he thought she had gone crazy!
“Why?” he exclaimed.
“You said you wanted to see it.”
“I do,” she answered almost with a sob in her throat, “but if you make them open the door and take you in like that it will never be a secret again.”
He leaned still farther forward.

Gania watched the whole scene with a sinking of the heart.
“Forty thousand, then forty thousand roubles instead of eighteen!
Ptitsin and another have promised to find me forty thousand roubles by seven o’clock tonight.
Forty thousand roubles paid down on the nail!”
The scene was growing more and more disgraceful; but Nastasia Philipovna continued to laugh and did not go away.
Nina Alexandrovna and Varia had both risen from their places and were waiting, in silent horror, to see what would happen.
Varia’s eyes were all ablaze with anger; but the scene had a different effect on Nina Alexandrovna.
She paled and trembled, and looked more and more like fainting every moment.
“Very well then, a hundred thousand!
a hundred thousand!
paid this very day.
Ptitsin!
find it for me.

"Thank you," said Mr. Westley.
"Good-by."
At the door John hesitated.
He had looked forward to this moment as one of excitement and adventure, but now that it had come it had left him in anything but an uplifted mood.
He was naturally warm-hearted, and his uncle's cold anger hurt him.
It was so different from anything sudden, so essentially not of the moment.
He felt instinctively that it had been smoldering for a long time, and realized with a shock that his uncle had not been merely indifferent to him all these years, but had actually hated him.
It was as if he had caught a glimpse of something ugly.
He felt that this was the last scene of some long drawn-out tragedy.
Something made him turn impulsively back towards the desk.
"Uncle " he cried.
He stopped.

said the Princess.
"Oh that's easy I've often done that!"
Then Tom told her what she was to do.
And she kissed him again and again.
"Oh, you dear, good, clever Tom," she said.
"How glad I am that I gave you Fido.
You two have saved me.
You dears!"
The next morning Uncle James put on his best coat and hat and the vest with the gold snakes on it he was a magician, and he had a bright taste in vests and he called with a cab to take the Princess out.
"Come, little birthday present," he said tenderly.
"The dragon will be so pleased.
And I'm glad to see you're not crying.

Thou shalt die, vile wretch, and do no more mischief in the world, by tempting human beings into the vices which make beasts of them."
The tone and countenance of Ulysses were so awful, and his sword gleamed so brightly, and seemed to have so intolerably keen an edge, that Circe was almost killed by the mere fright, without waiting for a blow.
The chief butler scrambled out of the saloon, picking up the golden goblet as he went; and the enchantress and the four maidens fell on their knees, wringing their hands, and screaming for mercy.
"Spare me!"
cried Circe.
"Spare me, royal and wise Ulysses.
For now I know that thou art he of whom Quicksilver forewarned me, the most prudent of mortals, against whom no enchantments can prevail.
Thou only couldst have conquered Circe.
Spare me, wisest of men.
I will show thee true hospitality, and even give myself to be thy slave, and this magnificent palace to be henceforth thy home."
The four nymphs, meanwhile, were making a most piteous ado; and especially the ocean nymph, with the sea-green hair, wept a great deal of salt water, and the fountain nymph, besides scattering dewdrops from her fingers' ends, nearly melted away into tears.
But Ulysses would not be pacified until Circe had taken a solemn oath to change back his companions, and as many others as he should direct, from their present forms of beast or bird into their former shapes of men.

Pygmalion was proud of his work and as he admired it Venus put a better feeling into his heart.
Pygmalion laid his hand upon his statue to see if it were living or not.
He began to wish that it was not ivory, and he named it Galatea.
Pygmalion gave Galatea the presents that a young girl of Greece loved, bright shells and polished stones, birds in golden cages, flowers of many colors, beads, and amber.
He dressed her in silk and put jewels on her fingers and a necklace about her neck.
She wore ear rings and many strings of pearls.
When he had done all this Venus rewarded him.
Pygmalion, returning to his home one day, touched his statue and the ivory felt soft and yielded to his fingers as if it had been wax.
Its pallor changed to the color of life, and Galatea opened her eyes and smiled at Pygmalion.
After that all Cyprus was changed for this king who had been selfish and hardhearted.
He was able to hear the silvery song of his fountain that he had never noticed before.
He began to love the forests, and flowers, and people, for Venus had given him Galatea to share his kingdom.

“I couldna’ abide thee th’
first time I set eyes on thee.
A scrawny buttermilk-faced young besom, allus askin’ questions an’ pokin’ tha’ nose where it wasna, wanted.
I never knowed how tha’ got so thick wi’ me.
If it hadna’ been for th’
robin— Drat him—”
“Ben Weatherstaff,” called out Mary, finding her breath.
She stood below him and called up to him with a sort of gasp.
“Ben Weatherstaff, it was the robin who showed me the way!”
Then it did seem as if Ben really would scramble down on her side of the wall, he was so outraged.
“Tha’ young bad ’un!” he called down at her.
“Layin’ tha’ badness on a robin—not but what he’s impidint enow for anythin’.
Him showin’ thee th’ way!
Him!
Eh!
tha’ young nowt”—she could see his next words burst out because he was overpowered by curiosity—“however i’ this world did tha’ get in?”
“It was the robin who showed me the way,” she protested obstinately.

Prince Dolor had every luxury that even a Prince could need, and the one thing wanting love, never having known, he did not miss.
His nurse was very kind to him, though she was a wicked woman.
Perhaps it made her better to be shut up with an innocent child.
By-and-by he began to learn lessons not that his nurse had been ordered to teach him, but she did it partly to amuse herself.
She was not a stupid woman, and Prince Dolor was by no means a stupid child; so they got on very well.
When he grew older he began reading the books which the mute brought to him.
As they told him of the things in the outside world he longed to see them.
From this time a change came over the boy.
He began to look sad and thin, and to shut himself up for hours without speaking.
His nurse had been forbidden, on pain of death, to tell him anything about himself.
He knew he was Prince Dolor, because she always addressed him as "My prince" and "your Royal Highness," but what a prince was, he had not the least idea.
He had been reading one day, but feeling all the while that to read about things which you never can see is like hearing about a beautiful dinner while you are starving.

Five hundred a year!
I am sure I cannot imagine how they will spend half of it; and as to your giving them more, it is quite absurd to think of it.
They will be much more able to give YOU something."
"Upon my word," said Mr. Dashwood, "I believe you are perfectly right.
My father certainly could mean nothing more by his request to me than what you say.
I clearly understand it now, and I will strictly fulfil my engagement by such acts of assistance and kindness to them as you have described.
When my mother removes into another house my services shall be readily given to accommodate her as far as I can.
Some little present of furniture too may be acceptable then."
"Certainly," returned Mrs. John Dashwood.
"But, however, ONE thing must be considered.
When your father and mother moved to Norland, though the furniture of Stanhill was sold, all the china, plate, and linen was saved, and is now left to your mother.
Her house will therefore be almost completely fitted up as soon as she takes it."

He was in dreadful earnest and made me swear, with my hands on the Testament, that whatever happened I would always be true to him.
Mother said he was quite right to make me swear, and that it was a sign of his passion.
Mother was all in his favour from the first and was even fonder of him than I was.
Then, when they talked of marrying within the week, I began to ask about father; but they both said never to mind about father, but just to tell him afterwards, and mother said she would make it all right with him.
I didn’t quite like that, Mr. Holmes.
It seemed funny that I should ask his leave, as he was only a few years older than me; but I didn’t want to do anything on the sly, so I wrote to father at Bordeaux, where the company has its French offices, but the letter came back to me on the very morning of the wedding.”
“It missed him, then?”
“Yes, sir; for he had started to England just before it arrived.”
“Ha!
that was unfortunate.
Your wedding was arranged, then, for the Friday.
Was it to be in church?”
“Yes, sir, but very quietly.
It was to be at St. Saviour’s, near King’s Cross, and we were to have breakfast afterwards at the St. Pancras Hotel.
Hosmer came for us in a hansom, but as there were two of us he put us both into it and stepped himself into a four-wheeler, which happened to be the only other cab in the street.
We got to the church first, and when the four-wheeler drove up we waited for him to step out, but he never did, and when the cabman got down from the box and looked there was no one there!

They were all busily engaged on him like watermen applying the Royal Humane Society’s regulations to a case of long submersion, when the latch clicked, the door opened, and the field-mouse with the lantern reappeared, staggering under the weight of his basket.
There was no more talk of play-acting once the very real and solid contents of the basket had been tumbled out on the table.
Under the generalship of Rat, everybody was set to do something or to fetch something.
In a very few minutes supper was ready, and Mole, as he took the head of the table in a sort of a dream, saw a lately barren board set thick with savoury comforts; saw his little friends’ faces brighten and beam as they fell to without delay; and then let himself loose for he was famished indeed on the provender so magically provided, thinking what a happy home-coming this had turned out, after all.
As they ate, they talked of old times, and the field-mice gave him the local gossip up to date, and answered as well as they could the hundred questions he had to ask them.
The Rat said little or nothing, only taking care that each guest had what he wanted, and plenty of it, and that Mole had no trouble or anxiety about anything.
They clattered off at last, very grateful and showering wishes of the season, with their jacket pockets stuffed with remembrances for the small brothers and sisters at home.
When the door had closed on the last of them and the chink of the lanterns had died away, Mole and Rat kicked the fire up, drew their chairs in, brewed themselves a last nightcap of mulled ale, and discussed the events of the long day.
At last the Rat, with a tremendous yawn, said, ‘Mole, old chap, I’m ready to drop.
Sleepy is simply not the word.
That your own bunk over on that side?
Very well, then, I’ll take this.

You are quite welcome, however, to make use of the furnishings in the small room over the kitchen.
Your luggage you will find undisturbed.
Regretting any inconvenience that this transaction may cause you, I remain, 
Yours respectfully, 
J. BELMONT VAN KAMP.
Ralph scratched his head in amused perplexity.
It devolved upon him to even up the affair a little before his mother came back.
He must support the family reputation for resourcefulness, but it took quite a bit of scalp irritation before he aggravated the right idea into being.
As soon as the idea came, he went in and made a hide-bound bargain with Uncle Billy, then he went out into the hall and waited until Evelyn came down with a huge armload of window curtains.
"Honors are still even," he remarked.
"I have just bought all the edibles about the place, whether in the cellar, the house or any of the surrounding structures, in the ground, above the ground, dead or alive, and a bargain's a bargain as between man and man."
"Clever of you, I'm sure," commented Miss Van Kamp, reflectively.
Suddenly her lips parted with a smile that revealed a double row of most beautiful teeth.
He meditatively watched the curve of her lips.

"Shamrock Hall?"
said Smith.
"I heard about it."
"Dat's right, Shamrock Hall.
Got gay, dey did, wit' some of the Table Hillers.
Say, I got it in for dem gazebos, sure I have.
Surest t'ing you know."
Smith beamed approval.
"That," he said, "is the right spirit.
Nothing could be more admirable.
We are bound together by our common desire to check the ever-growing spirit of freshness among the members of the Three Points.
Add to that the fact that we are united by a sympathetic knowledge of the manners and customs of cats, and especially that Comrade Maude, England's greatest fancier, is our mutual friend, and what more do we want?

Craven had been kind to her.” It seemed hard for him to speak his dead wife’s name.
“She is a respectable woman.
Now I have seen you I think she said sensible things.
Play out of doors as much as you like.
It’s a big place and you may go where you like and amuse yourself as you like.
Is there anything you want?” as if a sudden thought had struck him.
“Do you want toys, books, dolls?”
“Might I,” quavered Mary, “might I have a bit of earth?”
In her eagerness she did not realize how queer the words would sound and that they were not the ones she had meant to say.
Mr. Craven looked quite startled.
“Earth!” he repeated.
“What do you mean?”
“To plant seeds in—to make things grow—to see them come alive,” Mary faltered.
He gazed at her a moment and then passed his hand quickly over his eyes.
“Do you—care about gardens so much,” he said slowly.

And the very next day the little girl began to   send letters to the Christmas Fairy, and then telegrams, to stop it.
But it didn't do any good; and then she got to calling at the Fairy's   house, but the girl that came to the door always said, "Not at home,"
  or "Engaged," or "At dinner," or something like that; and so it went   on till it came to the old once-a-year Christmas Eve.
The little girl   fell asleep, and when she woke up in the morning 
"She found it was all nothing but a dream," suggested the little girl.
"No, indeed!"
said her papa.
"It was all every bit true!"
"Well, what did she find out, then?"
"Why, that it wasn't Christmas at last, and wasn't ever going to be, any more.
Now it's time for breakfast."
The little girl held her papa fast around the neck.
"You sha'n't go if you're going to leave it so!"
"How do you want it left?"

Of course no one supposes he has been the cause of all this carnage, but he presides over it.
He's a fierce dog, the pig man's.
And so, as far away as Frederick can see him in the doorway, he picks up a big stone, following the example of men he has seen arm themselves in this way against surly dogs, and goes hugging the wall of the house across the street from the pig butcher's closely.
This time he has followed this practice, but Louisa mocks at him.
She has taken none of these violent precautions, against which people always arm themselves more violently still.
No, she doesn't even speak to him, but keeps on singing, only changing her tone in such a mocking way that Frederick grows red to his ears.
Then there is great travail in his little head.
He understands that he must fear fear as much as danger.
And he is afraid to be afraid.
And so, when school is out, and he sees the pig man's dog again, he stalks by that astonished animal proudly.
History adds that he looked at Louisa out of the corner of his eye to see if she were looking.
It must be admitted that with no ladies or young maidens in the world men might be less brave.

They can be divided into two classes as all men can that is, those of limited intellect, and those who are much cleverer.
The former of these classes is the happier.
To a commonplace man of limited intellect, for instance, nothing is simpler than to imagine himself an original character, and to revel in that belief without the slightest misgiving.
Many of our young women have thought fit to cut their hair short, put on blue spectacles, and call themselves Nihilists.
By doing this they have been able to persuade themselves, without further trouble, that they have acquired new convictions of their own.
Some men have but felt some little qualm of kindness towards their fellow-men, and the fact has been quite enough to persuade them that they stand alone in the van of enlightenment and that no one has such humanitarian feelings as they.
Others have but to read an idea of somebody else’s, and they can immediately assimilate it and believe that it was a child of their own brain.
The “impudence of ignorance,” if I may use the expression, is developed to a wonderful extent in such cases; unlikely as it appears, it is met with at every turn.
This confidence of a stupid man in his own talents has been wonderfully depicted by Gogol in the amazing character of Pirogoff.
Pirogoff has not the slightest doubt of his own genius, nay, of his superiority of genius, so certain is he of it that he never questions it.
How many Pirogoffs have there not been among our writers scholars, propagandists?
I say “have been,” but indeed there are plenty of them at this very day.

I determined to strike another match and escape under the protection of its glare.
I did so, and eking out the flicker with a scrap of paper from my pocket, I made good my retreat to the narrow tunnel.
But I had scarce entered this when my light was blown out and in the blackness I could hear the Morlocks rustling like wind among leaves, and pattering like the rain, as they hurried after me.
“In a moment I was clutched by several hands, and there was no mistaking that they were trying to haul me back.
I struck another light, and waved it in their dazzled faces.
You can scarce imagine how nauseatingly inhuman they looked—those pale, chinless faces and great, lidless, pinkish-grey eyes!—as they stared in their blindness and bewilderment.
But I did not stay to look, I promise you: I retreated again, and when my second match had ended, I struck my third.
It had almost burnt through when I reached the opening into the shaft.
I lay down on the edge, for the throb of the great pump below made me giddy.
Then I felt sideways for the projecting hooks, and, as I did so, my feet were grasped from behind, and I was violently tugged backward.
I lit my last match … and it incontinently went out.
But I had my hand on the climbing bars now, and, kicking violently, I disengaged myself from the clutches of the Morlocks, and was speedily clambering up the shaft, while they stayed peering and blinking up at me: all but one little wretch who followed me for some way, and well-nigh secured my boot as a trophy.

An hour and a half limped heavily away in the thief-and-rascal crowded passages below, even though assisted off with mutton pies and ale.
The hoarse messenger, uncomfortably seated on a form after taking that refection, had dropped into a doze, when a loud murmur and a rapid tide of people setting up the stairs that led to the court, carried him along with them.
“Jerry!
Jerry!” Mr. Lorry was already calling at the door when he got there.
“Here, sir!
It's a fight to get back again.
Here I am, sir!”
Mr. Lorry handed him a paper through the throng.
“Quick!
Have you got it?”
“Yes, sir.”
Hastily written on the paper was the word “ACQUITTED.”
“If you had sent the message, 'Recalled to Life,' again,” muttered Jerry, as he turned, “I should have known what you meant, this time.”
He had no opportunity of saying, or so much as thinking, anything else, until he was clear of the Old Bailey; for, the crowd came pouring out with a vehemence that nearly took him off his legs, and a loud buzz swept into the street as if the baffled blue-flies were dispersing in search of other carrion.
IV.
Congratulatory 
From the dimly-lighted passages of the court, the last sediment of the human stew that had been boiling there all day, was straining off, when Doctor Manette, Lucie Manette, his daughter, Mr. Lorry, the solicitor for the defence, and its counsel, Mr. Stryver, stood gathered round Mr.
Charles Darnay just released congratulating him on his escape from death.
It would have been difficult by a far brighter light, to recognise in Doctor Manette, intellectual of face and upright of bearing, the shoemaker of the garret in Paris.

CHAPTER XXV 
CORNERED 
He did not see John for a moment, and had reached the door of the room when he became aware of a presence.
He turned in surprise.
He was a smallish, pale-faced man with protruding eyes and teeth which gave him a certain resemblance to a rabbit.
"Hello!"
he said.
"Welcome to our city," said John, stepping unostentatiously between him and the stairs.
Master Maloney, who had taken advantage of the interruption to edge back into the center of things, now appeared to consider the question of his departure permanently shelved.
He sidled to a corner of the landing, and sat down on an empty soap box with the air of a dramatic critic at the opening night of a new play.
The scene looked good to him.
It promised interesting developments.
He was an earnest student of the drama, as exhibited in the theaters of the East Side, and few had ever applauded the hero of "Escaped from Sing Sing," or hissed the villain of "Nellie, the Beautiful Cloak-model" with more fervor.
He liked his drama to have plenty of action, and to his practised eye this one promised well.

They went and spent all in drink.
After this the unlucky fellow, with the faithful Woe on his shoulders, came home.
His wife was sad, his little children were hungry and in tears, but he, under the influence of Woe and wine, danced and sang.
On the next day Woe began to sigh and said:
"I have a drunken headache.
Let us drink more."
"I have no money," answered the poor man.
"Hast thou forgotten my little song?
Let us trade the harrow, the plow, the sledge, the telega for money, and let us have a good time."
"All right."
The poor, weak man had no courage to refuse, and Woe Bogotir became his master and ruler.
They went to a kabak and spent everything; drank, sang, and had a good time.
On the next day Woe sighed again and said to the peasant:
"Let us drink; let us have a jolly time; let us sell or trade everything left, even ourselves."

In spite of her small vanities, Margaret had a sweet and pious nature, which unconsciously influenced her sisters, especially Jo, who loved her very tenderly, and obeyed her because her advice was so gently given.
"Girls," said Meg seriously, looking from the tumbled head beside her to the two little night-capped ones in the room beyond, "Mother wants us to read and love and mind these books, and we must begin at once.
We used to be faithful about it, but since Father went away and all this war trouble unsettled us, we have neglected many things.
You can do as you please, but I shall keep my book on the table here and read a little every morning as soon as I wake, for I know it will do me good and help me through the day."
Then she opened her new book and began to read.
Jo put her arm round her and, leaning cheek to cheek, read also, with the quiet expression so seldom seen on her restless face.
"How good Meg is!
Come, Amy, let's do as they do.
I'll help you with the hard words, and they'll explain things if we don't understand,"
whispered Beth, very much impressed by the pretty books and her sisters' example.
"I'm glad mine is blue," said Amy.
and then the rooms were very still while the pages were softly turned, and the winter sunshine crept in to touch the bright heads and serious faces with a Christmas greeting.
"Where is Mother?"

He must get back to his beautiful wife beyond the sea.
He made his way back to the beach, carrying in his hand the box which the Princess had given him.
But which was the way?
He could not find it alone!
Suddenly he remembered the box, the tamate-bako.
"The Princess told me when she gave me the box never to open it that it contained a very precious thing.
But now that I have no home, now that I have lost everything that was dear to me here, and my heart grows thin with sadness, at such a time, if I open the box, surely I shall find something that will help me, something that will show me the way back to my beautiful Princess over the sea.
There is nothing else for me to do now.
Yes, yes, I will open the box and look in!"
And so his heart consented to this act of disobedience, and he tried to persuade himself that he was doing the right thing in breaking his promise.
Slowly, very slowly, he untied the red silk cord, slowly and wonderingly he lifted the lid of the precious box.
And what did he find?

"What's a composer?"
inquired Ross, with visions of soothing-syrup in his mind.
"A man that makes up music.
Don't butt in that way; you put me all out 'composer is.
Name yours.
Ask her what piece of music she likes best.
Name yours.
If the lady is musical, here ask her to play or sing.'"
This chanted recitation seemed to have a hypnotic effect on the freckled boy; his big pupils contracted each time Abner came to the repetend, "Name yours."
"I'm tired already," he grumbled; but some spell made him rise and fare farther.
When they had entered the Claiborne gate, they leaned toward each other like young saplings weakened at the root and locking branches to keep what shallow foothold on earth remained.
"You're goin' in first," asserted Ross, but without conviction.

I will not put him to open shame; besides, I am sorry for the parents.
I will bury him myself before daybreak, in the garden that the thing may not be known, so give me the sheet, I will wrap up the body in it, and bury him as a dog burries things by scratching.” The countess gave him the sheet.
“I tell you what,”
continued the thief, “I have a fit of magnanimity on me, give me the ring too,—the unhappy man risked his life for it, so he may take it with him into his grave.” She would not gainsay the count, and although she did it unwillingly she drew the ring from her finger, and gave it to him.
The thief made off with both these things, and reached home safely before the count in the garden had finished his work of burying.
What a long face the count did pull when the master came next morning, and brought him the sheet and the ring.
“Art thou a wizard?” said he, “Who has fetched thee out of the grave in which I myself laid thee, and brought thee to life again?” “You did not bury me,” said the thief, “but the poor sinner on the gallows,” and he told him exactly how everything had happened, and the count was forced to own to him that he was a clever, crafty thief.
“But thou hast not reached the end yet,” he added, “thou hast still to perform the third task, and if thou dost not succeed in that, all is of no use.” The master smiled and returned no answer.
When night had fallen he went with a long sack on his back, a bundle under his arms, and a lantern in his hand to the village-church.
In the sack he had some crabs, and in the bundle short wax-candles.
He sat down in the churchyard, took out a crab, and stuck a wax-candle on his back.
Then he lighted the little light, put the crab on the ground, and let it creep about.
He took a second out of the sack, and treated it in the same way, and so on until the last was out of the sack.

I may not tell; for I have sworn, if my life were spared, to speak to no one of my woes," she replied.
The King pleaded with her, but she was firm; and at last he told her to tell her troubles to the iron stove, since she would not confide in him.
When he had left her, she fell upon her knees before the stove and poured forth her sorrows:
"Here am I, the daughter of a Queen, doomed to the lowly service of a goose-girl, while the false waiting-maid steals my treasures and my bridegroom."
She sobbed and wept, until the King, who had stood outside and heard all, came in and bade her dry her eyes.
He ordered her arrayed in royal robes; and then she appeared as lovely as the sun.
The Prince was summoned; and the old King told him the story, and showed him the true bride.
She was so beautiful that the Prince knelt at her feet in admiration, and knew her to be the real Princess.
A great banquet was given, to which many guests were invited.
On one side of the Prince sat the false bride, and on the other the real Princess, who was so radiantly lovely that the maid did not know her.
The King at last asked the waiting-maid what punishment should be dealt to a traitor.
Not knowing that she was passing sentence on herself, the waiting-maid's answer was as cruel as she was wicked.
Said she:
"Let her be put into a barrel, and drawn by two white horses, up hill and down, till she is dead."

they asked, in surprise.
"Certainly.
If it wasn't for Dorothy I should never have had brains.
She lifted me from the pole in the cornfield and brought me to the Emerald City.
So my good luck is all due to her, and I shall never leave her until she starts back to Kansas for good and all."
"Thank you," said Dorothy gratefully.
"You are all very kind to me.
But I should like to start as soon as possible."
"We shall go tomorrow morning," returned the Scarecrow.
"So now let us all get ready, for it will be a long journey."
19.
Attacked by the Fighting Trees 
The next morning Dorothy kissed the pretty green girl good-bye, and they all shook hands with the soldier with the green whiskers, who had walked with them as far as the gate.

Warm milk will not be wholesome for our little snow-sister.
Little snow people, like her, eat nothing but icicles.
No, no, Peony; we must not give her anything warm to drink!"
There was a minute or two of silence; for Peony, whose short legs were never weary, had gone on a pilgrimage again to the other side of the garden.
All of a sudden, Violet cried out, loudly and joyfully, "Look here, Peony!
Come quickly!
A light has been shining on her cheek out of that rose-colored cloud!
and the color does not go away!
Is not that beautiful!"
"Yes; it is beau-ti-ful," answered Peony, pronouncing the three syllables with deliberate accuracy.
"O Violet, only look at her hair!
It is all like gold!"

He had been thinking what was best to be done, and now he asked the Woodman to chop away the end of the tree that rested on their side of the ditch.
The Tin Woodman began to use his axe at once, and, just as the two Kalidahs were nearly across, the tree fell with a crash into the gulf, carrying the ugly, snarling brutes with it, and both were dashed to pieces on the sharp rocks at the bottom.
"Well," said the Cowardly Lion, drawing a long breath of relief, "I see we are going to live a little while longer, and I am glad of it, for it must be a very uncomfortable thing not to be alive.
Those creatures frightened me so badly that my heart is beating yet."
"Ah," said the Tin Woodman sadly, "I wish I had a heart to beat."
This adventure made the travelers more anxious than ever to get out of the forest, and they walked so fast that Dorothy became tired, and had to ride on the Lion's back.
To their great joy the trees became thinner the farther they advanced, and in the afternoon they suddenly came upon a broad river, flowing swiftly just before them.
On the other side of the water they could see the road of yellow brick running through a beautiful country, with green meadows dotted with bright flowers and all the road bordered with trees hanging full of delicious fruits.
They were greatly pleased to see this delightful country before them.
"How shall we cross the river?"
asked Dorothy.
"That is easily done," replied the Scarecrow.

Therefore the pictures which were once the honor and glory of the old house now hung in the passage leading to the servants' hall.
They were considered mere lumber; especially two old portraits, one of a man in a wig and a rose-colored coat, the other of a lady with frizzed and powdered hair, holding a rose in her hand, each surrounded by a wreath of willow leaves.
Both the pictures had many holes in them, for the little barons always set up the two old people as targets for their bows and arrows; and yet these were pictures of the magistrate and his lady, from whom the present family were descended.
"But they did not properly belong to our family," said one of the little barons; "he was a peddler, and she kept the geese.
They were not like papa and mamma."
So the pictures, being old, were considered worthless; and the motto being "Each in its right place," the great-grandfather and the great-grandmother of the family were sent into the passage leading to the servants' hall.
The son of the clergyman of the place was tutor at the great house.
One day he was out walking with his pupils the little barons and their eldest sister, who had just been confirmed.
They took the path through the fields, which led past the old willow tree.
While they walked, the young lady made a wreath of hedge blossoms and wild flowers, "each in its right place," and the wreath was, as a whole, very pretty.
At the same time she heard every word uttered by the son of the clergyman.
She liked very much to hear him talk of the wonders of nature and of the great men and women of history.

She laughs at the prince, they say, from morn to night in order to hide her real feelings; but you may be sure she finds occasion to say something or other to him on the sly, for he himself is in a state of radiant happiness.
He walks in the clouds; they say he is extremely funny just now; I heard it from themselves.
They seemed to be laughing at me in their sleeves those elder girls I don’t know why.”
Gania had begun to frown, and probably Varia added this last sentence in order to probe his thought.
However, at this moment, the noise began again upstairs.
“I’ll turn him out!” shouted Gania, glad of the opportunity of venting his vexation.
“I shall just turn him out we can’t have this.”
“Yes, and then he’ll go about the place and disgrace us as he did yesterday.”
“How ‘as he did yesterday’?
What do you mean?
What did he do yesterday?”
 asked Gania, in alarm.
“Why, goodness me, don’t you know?” Varia stopped short.
“What?
You don’t mean to say that he went there yesterday!” cried Gania, flushing red with shame and anger.
“Good heavens, Varia!

I remember so well one day, when the rain was pouring down in torrents, the scavengers were before the house where I was in service, and I had come up with the dust, and remained standing at the door it was dreadful weather when just as I was there, the postman came and gave me a letter.
It was from you!
What a tour that letter had made!
I opened it instantly and read: I laughed and wept.
I was so happy.
In it I read that you were in warm lands where the coffee-tree grows.
What a blessed land that must be!
You related so much, and I saw it all the while the rain was pouring down, and I standing there with the dust-box.
At the same moment came someone who embraced me.'
“'Yes; but you gave him a good box on his ear that made it tingle!'
“'But I did not know it was you.
You arrived as soon as your letter, and you were so handsome that you still are and had a long yellow silk handkerchief round your neck, and a bran new hat on; oh, you were so dashing!

No gen'l'man'll 'low er lady to do such a thing."
The elder was gently forcing the girl back to her place.
"Leave it to me.
I've picked up bigger things 'n them.
Picked myself up this mornin'.
Balaam you don't know Balaam; he's my donkey he tumbled me over his head in the sand this mornin'."
And Elder Brown had to resume an upright position until his paroxysm of laughter had passed.
"You see this old hat?"
extending it, half full of packages; "I fell clear inter it; jes' as clean inter it as them things thar fell out'n it."
He laughed again, and so did the girls.
"But, my dear, I whaled half the hide off'n him for it."
"Oh, sir!

My own name doesn’t appear.
I have a large family, you see, and at a small percentage ”
“Quite so, quite so.
I only asked for information excuse the question.
Go on.”
“Well, meanwhile that sick boy was brought here, and those guests came in, and we had tea, and well, we made merry to my ruin!
Hearing of your birthday afterwards, and excited with the circumstances of the evening, I ran upstairs and changed my plain clothes once more for my uniform [Civil Service clerks in Russia wear uniform.]
you must have noticed I had my uniform on all the evening?
Well, I forgot the money in the pocket of my old coat you know when God will ruin a man he first of all bereaves him of his senses and it was only this morning at half-past seven that I woke up and grabbed at my coat pocket, first thing.
The pocket was empty the purse gone, and not a trace to be found!”
“Dear me!
This is very unpleasant!”
“Unpleasant!
Indeed it is.
You have found a very appropriate expression,” said Lebedeff, politely, but with sarcasm.
“But what’s to be done?

She spoke to him in the language he knew.
"Will he let me catch him?"
she asked.
She thought she had never seen more surprise and delight than the dark face expressed when she spoke in the familiar tongue.
The truth was that the poor fellow felt as if his gods had intervened, and the kind little voice came from heaven itself.
At once Sara saw that he had been accustomed to European children.
He poured forth a flood of respectful thanks.
He was the servant of Missee Sahib.
The monkey was a good monkey and would not bite; but, unfortunately, he was difficult to catch.
He would flee from one spot to another, like the lightning.
He was disobedient, though not evil.
Ram Dass knew him as if he were his child, and Ram Dass he would sometimes obey, but not always.

Rikki-tikki jumped up and backward.
Again and again and again she struck, and each time her head came with a whack on the matting of the veranda and she gathered herself together like a watch spring.
Then Rikki-tikki danced in a circle to get behind her, and Nagaina spun round to keep her head to his head, so that the rustle of her tail on the matting sounded like dry leaves blown along by the wind.
He had forgotten the egg.
It still lay on the veranda, and Nagaina came nearer and nearer to it, till at last, while Rikki-tikki was drawing breath, she caught it in her mouth, turned to the veranda steps, and flew like an arrow down the path, with Rikki-tikki behind her.
When the cobra runs for her life, she goes like a whip-lash flicked across a horse’s neck.
Rikki-tikki knew that he must catch her, or all the trouble would begin again.
She headed straight for the long grass by the thorn-bush, and as he was running Rikki-tikki heard Darzee still singing his foolish little song of triumph.
But Darzee’s wife was wiser.
She flew off her nest as Nagaina came along, and flapped her wings about Nagaina’s head.
If Darzee had helped they might have turned her, but Nagaina only lowered her hood and went on.
Still, the instant’s delay brought Rikki-tikki up to her, and as she plunged into the rat-hole where she and Nag used to live, his little white teeth were clenched on her tail, and he went down with her and very few mongooses, however wise and old they may be, care to follow a cobra into its hole.

said the stranger, looking seriously at him.
"Your own heart, I perceive, has not been entirely changed from flesh to gold.
Were it so, your case would indeed be desperate.
But you appear to be still capable of understanding that the commonest things, such as lie within everybody's grasp, are more valuable than the riches which so many mortals sigh and struggle after.
Tell me, now, do you sincerely desire to rid yourself of this Golden Touch?"
"It is hateful to me!"
replied Midas.
A fly settled on his nose, but immediately fell to the floor; for it, too, had become gold.
Midas shuddered.
"Go, then," said the stranger, "and plunge into the river that glides past the bottom of your garden.
Take likewise a vase of the same water, and sprinkle it over any object that you may desire to change back again from gold into its former substance.
If you do this in earnestness and sincerity, it may possibly repair the mischief which your avarice has occasioned."

The walls and the ceiling of the large ballroom were of thick but transparent crystal.
Many hundreds of colossal shells, some of a deep red, others of a grass green, with blue fire in them, stood in rows on each side.
These lighted up the whole salon, and shone through the walls so that the sea was also illuminated.
Innumerable fishes, great and small, swam past the crystal walls; on some of them the scales glowed with a purple brilliance, and on others shone like silver and gold.
Through the halls flowed a broad stream, and in it danced the mermen and the mermaids to the music of their own sweet singing.
No one on earth has such lovely voices as they, but the little mermaid sang more sweetly than all.
The whole court applauded her with hands and tails, and for a moment her heart felt quite gay, for she knew she had the sweetest voice either on earth or in the sea.
But soon she thought again of the world above her; she could not forget the charming prince, nor her sorrow that she had not an immortal soul like his.
She crept away silently out of her father's palace, and while everything within was gladness and song, she sat in her own little garden, sorrowful and alone.
Then she heard the bugle sounding through the water and thought:
"He is certainly sailing above, he in whom my wishes center and in whose hands I should like to place the happiness of my life.
I will venture all for him and to win an immortal soul.
While my sisters are dancing in my father's palace I will go to the sea witch, of whom I have always been so much afraid; she can give me counsel and help."

I mount to the cell, with a fellow-citizen who is one of the Jury, directed by a gaoler.
I examine it, very closely.
In a hole in the chimney, where a stone has been worked out and replaced, I find a written paper.
This is that written paper.
I have made it my business to examine some specimens of the writing of Doctor Manette.
This is the writing of Doctor Manette.
I confide this paper, in the writing of Doctor Manette, to the hands of the President.”
“Let it be read.”
In a dead silence and stillness the prisoner under trial looking lovingly at his wife, his wife only looking from him to look with solicitude at her father, Doctor Manette keeping his eyes fixed on the reader, Madame Defarge never taking hers from the prisoner, Defarge never taking his from his feasting wife, and all the other eyes there intent upon the Doctor, who saw none of them the paper was read, as follows.
X.
The Substance of the Shadow 
“I, Alexandre Manette, unfortunate physician, native of Beauvais, and afterwards resident in Paris, write this melancholy paper in my doleful cell in the Bastille, during the last month of the year, 1767.
I write it at stolen intervals, under every difficulty.
I design to secrete it in the wall of the chimney, where I have slowly and laboriously made a place of concealment for it.
Some pitying hand may find it there, when I and my sorrows are dust.

"Humph!"
said the fairy godmother.
"I will see to it.
Send the boy to me!"
So Chimborazo was sent for, and came, hanging his head as usual.
When he saw his fairy godmother, he said, "Oh, dear!"
for he was rather afraid of her.
"'Oh, dear!'
it is!"
said the godmother sharply; and she put on her spectacles and looked at him.
"Do you know what a bell-punch is?"
"Oh, dear!"

He grew thirsty, for it was very warm, and stopped to drink from a water-hole on the plains.
When he had finished drinking he looked up, and there was his own cousin, the Antelope, drinking near him.
"'Good morning, cousin,' said the Deer.
'It is a warm morning and water tastes good, doesn't it?'
"'Yes,' replied the Antelope, 'it is warm to-day, but I can beat you running, just the same.'
"'Ha-ha!'
laughed the Deer 'you beat me running?
Why, you can't run half as fast as I can, but if you want to run a race let us bet something.
What shall it be?'
"'I will bet you my gall-sack,' replied the Antelope.
"'Good,' said the Deer, 'but let us run toward that range of mountains, for I am going that way, anyhow, to see my relations.'
"'All right,' said the Antelope.

Formerly he had been a happy and well-cared-for lad, surrounded and loved by many relatives and kindred, until a terrible epidemic swept through the village and carried away all his family and left him orphaned and alone, without sustenance and without a relative to stand by his bedside in time of sickness or to perform the funeral rites over his body when he died.
Overwhelmed by grief and sorrow, U Raitong vowed a rash vow that all the days of his life should be spent in mourning the death of his kindred; thus it was that he walked about the village lamenting to himself and wearing ragged clothes.
His neighbours, not knowing about the vow, thought that sorrow had turned his head, so they treated him as an idiot and pitied him and gave him alms.
His condition was so wretched and his clothes so tattered that he became a proverb in the country, and to this day, when the Khasis wish to describe one fallen into extreme poverty and wretchedness, they say, "as poor as U Raitong."
At night time, however, U Raitong considered himself free from the obligations of his rash vow, and when he retired to his rickety cabin on the outskirts of the village he divested himself of his rags and arrayed himself in fine garments, and would play for hours on his sharati (flute), a bamboo instrument much in vogue among the Khasis to this day.
He was a born musician, and constant practice had made him an accomplished player, and never did flute give forth sweeter and richer music than did the sharati of U Raitong as he played by stealth in the hours of the night when all the village was asleep.
The melodies he composed were so enthralling that he often became oblivious to all his surroundings and abandoned himself to the charms of his own subtle music.
His body swayed and trembled with pure joy and delight as he gave forth strain after strain from his sharati; yet so cautious was he that none of his neighbours suspected that he possessed any gifts, for he feared to let it be known lest it should interfere with the performance of his vow.
It happened one night that the Mahadei was restless and unable to sleep, and as she lay awake she heard the faint strains of the most sweet music wafted on the air.
She imagined that it was coming from the fairies who were said to inhabit certain parts of the forest, and she listened enraptured until the sounds ceased.
When it stopped, a feeling of great loneliness came over her, so overawing that she could not summon enough courage to speak about the strange music she had heard.
She went about her household duties with her thoughts far away and longing for the night to come in the hope that the music would be wafted to her again.

cried Mrs. Jennings; "very pretty, indeed!
and the Doctor is a single man, I warrant you."
"There now," said Miss Steele, affectedly simpering, "everybody laughs at me so about the Doctor, and I cannot think why.
My cousins say they are sure I have made a conquest; but for my part I declare I never think about him from one hour's end to another.
'Lord!
here comes your beau, Nancy,' my cousin said t'other day, when she saw him crossing the street to the house.
My beau, indeed!
said I I cannot think who you mean.
The Doctor is no beau of mine."
"Aye, aye, that is very pretty talking but it won't do the Doctor is the man, I see."
"No, indeed!"
replied her cousin, with affected earnestness, "and I beg you will contradict it, if you ever hear it talked of."

A group of idle gazers was collected to watch the arrival.
The little vessel furled her sails and drifted slowly landward, and as she was of very light draft, she came close to the shelving shore.
A long plank was put out from her side, and the debarkation commenced.
My grandfather Titbottom stood looking on to see the passengers descend.
There were but a few of them, and mostly traders from the neighboring island.
But suddenly the face of a young girl appeared over the side of the vessel, and she stepped upon the plank to descend.
My grandfather Titbottom instantly advanced, and moving briskly reached the top of the plank at the same moment, and with the old tassel of his cap flashing in the sun, and one hand in the pocket of his dressing gown, with the other he handed the young lady carefully down the plank.
That young lady was afterwards my grandmother Titbottom.
"And so, over the gleaming sea which he had watched so long, and which seemed thus to reward his patient gaze, came his bride that sunny morning.
"'Of course we are happy,' he used to say: 'For you are the gift of the sun I have loved so long and so well.'
And my grandfather Titbottom would lay his hand so tenderly upon the golden hair of his young bride, that you could fancy him a devout Parsee caressing sunbeams.
"There were endless festivities upon occasion of the marriage; and my grandfather did not go to one of them in his dressing-gown.

A dark and blackened region was this they were in.
On every side tall chimneys poured out their plague of smoke, and at night the smoke was changed to fire, and chimneys spurted flame.
Struggling vegetation sickened and sank under the hot breath of kiln and furnace.
The people men, women, and children wan in their looks and ragged in their attire, tended the engines, or scowled, half naked, from the doorless houses.
That night Nell and her grandfather lay down with nothing between them and the sky.
A penny loaf was all they had had that day, and very weak and spent the child felt.
With morning she was weaker still, and a loathing of food prevented her sharing the loaf bought with their last penny.
Still she dragged her weary feet on, and only at the very end of the town fell senseless to the ground.
Once in their earlier wanderings they had made friends with a village schoolmaster, and now, when all hope seemed gone, it was this schoolmaster who brought the travellers into a peaceful haven.
For it was he who passed along when little Nell fell fainting to the ground, and it was he who carried her into a small inn hard by.
A day's rest brought some recovery to the child, and in the evening she was able to sit up.
"I have made my fortune since I saw you last," said the schoolmaster.

now I know what it is to shudder!”
5 The Wolf and the Seven Little Kids 
There was once upon a time an old goat who had seven little kids, and loved them with all the love of a mother for her children.
One day she wanted to go into the forest and fetch some food.
So she called all seven to her and said, “Dear children, I have to go into the forest, be on your guard against the wolf; if he come in, he will devour you all—skin, hair, and all.
The wretch often disguises himself, but you will know him at once by his rough voice and his black feet.” The kids said, “Dear mother, we will take good care of ourselves; you may go away without any anxiety.” Then the old one bleated, and went on her way with an easy mind.
It was not long before some one knocked at the house-door and called, “Open the door, dear children; your mother is here, and has brought something back with her for each of you.” But the little kids knew that it was the wolf, by the rough voice; “We will not open the door,” cried they, “thou art not our mother.
She has a soft, pleasant voice, but thy voice is rough; thou art the wolf!” Then the wolf went away to a shopkeeper and bought himself a great lump of chalk, ate this and made his voice soft with it.
The he came back, knocked at the door of the house, and cried, “Open the door, dear children, your mother is here and has brought something back with her for each of you.” But the wolf had laid his black paws against the window, and the children saw them and cried, “We will not open the door, our mother has not black feet like thee; thou art the wolf.” Then the wolf ran to a baker and said, “I have hurt my feet, rub some dough over them for me.” And when the baker had rubbed his feet over, he ran to the miller and said, “Strew some white meal over my feet for me.” The miller thought to himself, “The wolf wants to deceive someone,” and refused; but the wolf said, “If thou wilt not do it, I will devour thee.” Then the miller was afraid, and made his paws white for him.
Truly men are like that.
So now the wretch went for the third time to the house-door, knocked at it and said, “Open the door for me, children, your dear little mother has come home, and has brought every one of you something back from the forest with her.” The little kids cried, “First show us thy paws that we may know if thou art our dear little mother.” Then he put his paws in through the window, and when the kids saw that they were white, they believed that all he said was true, and opened the door.
But who should come in but the wolf!
They were terrified and wanted to hide themselves.
One sprang under the table, the second into the bed, the third into the stove, the fourth into the kitchen, the fifth into the cupboard, the sixth under the washing-bowl, and the seventh into the clock-case.

But though St. George looked bonny enough to warm any father's heart, as he marched up and down with an air learned by watching many a parade in barrack-square and drill-ground, and though the Valiant Slasher did not cry in spite of falling hard and the Doctor treading accidentally on his little finger in picking him up, still the Captain and his wife sighed nearly as often as they smiled, and the mother dropped tears as well as pennies into the cap which the King of Egypt brought round after the performance.
THE CAPTAIN'S WIFE.
Many many years back the Captain's wife had been a child herself, and had laughed to see the village mummers act the Peace Egg, and had been quite happy on Christmas Eve.
Happy, though she had no mother.
Happy, though her father was a stern man, very fond of his only child, but with an obstinate will that not even she dared thwart.
She had lived to thwart it, and he had never forgiven her.
It was when she married the Captain.
The old man had a prejudice against soldiers, which was quite reason enough, in his opinion, for his daughter to sacrifice the happiness of her future life by giving up the soldier she loved.
At last he gave her her choice between the Captain and his own favour and money.
She chose the Captain, and was disowned and disinherited.
The Captain bore a high character, and was a good and clever officer, but that went for nothing against the old man's whim.
He made a very good husband too; but even this did not move his father-in-law, who had never held any intercourse with him or his wife since the day of their marriage, and who had never seen his own grandchildren.

Then she led Theseus along by the hand until they came to a dark, shadowy grove, where the moonlight wasted itself on the tops of the trees, without shedding hardly so much as a glimmering beam upon their pathway.
After going a good way through this obscurity, they reached a high marble wall, which was overgrown with creeping plants, that made it shaggy with their verdure.
The wall seemed to have no door, nor any windows, but rose up, lofty, and massive, and mysterious, and was neither to be clambered over, nor, as far as Theseus could perceive, to be passed through.
Nevertheless, Ariadne did but press one of her soft little fingers against a particular block of marble and, though it looked as solid as any other part of the wall, it yielded to her touch, disclosing an entrance just wide enough to admit them They crept through, and the marble stone swung back into its place.
"We are now," said Ariadne, "in the famous labyrinth which Daedalus built before he made himself a pair of wings, and flew away from our island like a bird.
That Daedalus was a very cunning workman; but of all his artful contrivances, this labyrinth is the most wondrous.
Were we to take but a few steps from the doorway, we might wander about all our lifetime, and never find it again.
Yet in the very center of this labyrinth is the Minotaur; and, Theseus, you must go thither to seek him."
"But how shall I ever find him," asked Theseus, "if the labyrinth so bewilders me as you say it will?"
Just as he spoke, they heard a rough and very disagreeable roar, which greatly resembled the lowing of a fierce bull, but yet had some sort of sound like the human voice.
Theseus even fancied a rude articulation in it, as if the creature that uttered it were trying to shape his hoarse breath into words.
It was at some distance, however, and he really could not tell whether it sounded most like a bull's roar or a man's harsh voice.

"Poor little swallow!"
thought Thumbelina.
All wild birds were her friends.
Had they not sung to her and fluttered round her all the long glad summer days?
But the mole kicked the swallow with his short legs.
"That one will sing no more," he said roughly.
"It must be sad to be born a bird and to be able only to sing and fly.
I am thankful none of my children will be birds," and he proudly smoothed down his velvet coat.
"Yes," said the field-mouse; "what can a bird do but sing?
When the cold weather comes it is useless."
Thumbelina said nothing.
Only when the others moved on, she stooped down and stroked the bird gently with her tiny hand, and kissed its closed eyes.

First rehearsal for lines and business eleven sharp to-morrow."
Poor old Freddie was in such a gloomy state of mind that we decided not to tell him the idea till we had finished coaching the kid.
He wasn't in the mood to have a thing like that hanging over him.
So we concentrated on Tootles.
And pretty early in the proceedings we saw that the only way to get Tootles worked up to the spirit of the thing was to introduce sweets of some sort as a sub-motive, so to speak.
"The chief difficulty," said Jimmy Pinkerton at the end of the first rehearsal, "is to establish a connection in the kid's mind between his line and the sweets.
Once he has grasped the basic fact that those two words, clearly spoken, result automatically in acid-drops, we have got a success."
I've often thought, don't you know, how interesting it must be to be one of those animal-trainer Johnnies: to stimulate the dawning intelligence, and that sort of thing.
Well, this was every bit as exciting.
Some days success seemed to be staring us in the eye, and the kid got the line out as if he'd been an old professional.
And then he'd go all to pieces again.
And time was flying.

In the meantime, we had found nothing of any value but the silver and the trinkets, and neither of these were in our way.
Underneath there was an old boat-cloak, whitened with sea-salt on many a harbour-bar.
My mother pulled it up with impatience, and there lay before us, the last things in the chest, a bundle tied up in oilcloth, and looking like papers, and a canvas bag that gave forth, at a touch, the jingle of gold.
“I'll show these rogues that I'm an honest woman,” said my mother.
“I'll have my dues, and not a farthing over.
Hold Mrs. Crossley's bag.” And she began to count over the amount of the captain's score from the sailor's bag into the one that I was holding.
It was a long, difficult business, for the coins were of all countries and sizes doubloons, and louis d'ors, and guineas, and pieces of eight, and I know not what besides, all shaken together at random.
The guineas, too, were about the scarcest, and it was with these only that my mother knew how to make her count.
When we were about half-way through, I suddenly put my hand upon her arm, for I had heard in the silent frosty air a sound that brought my heart into my mouth the tap-tapping of the blind man's stick upon the frozen road.
It drew nearer and nearer, while we sat holding our breath.
Then it struck sharp on the inn door, and then we could hear the handle being turned and the bolt rattling as the wretched being tried to enter; and then there was a long time of silence both within and without.
At last the tapping recommenced, and, to our indescribable joy and gratitude, died slowly away again until it ceased to be heard.

He had a face like the sort of apple that keeps well in winter; his coat was old and brown.
There was snow about him in patches, and he carried a small fir-tree.
"The same conviction seized upon us both.
With one breath we exclaimed, 'It's Old Father Christmas!'
"I know now that it was only an old man of the place, with whom we did not happen to be acquainted, and that he was taking a little fir-tree up to the Hall, to be made into a Christmas-tree.
He was a very good-humoured old fellow, and rather deaf, for which he made up by smiling and nodding his head a good deal, and saying, 'Aye, aye, to be sure!'
at likely intervals.
"As he passed us and met our earnest gaze, he smiled and nodded so affably, that I was bold enough to cry, 'Good-evening, Father Christmas!'
"'Same to you!'
said he, in a high-pitched voice.
"'Then you are Father Christmas?'
said Patty.

A face of a transparent paleness; every feature in it clearly defined; one set expression on it.
The nose, beautifully formed otherwise, was very slightly pinched at the top of each nostril.
In those two compressions, or dints, the only little change that the face ever showed, resided.
They persisted in changing colour sometimes, and they would be occasionally dilated and contracted by something like a faint pulsation; then, they gave a look of treachery, and cruelty, to the whole countenance.
Examined with attention, its capacity of helping such a look was to be found in the line of the mouth, and the lines of the orbits of the eyes, being much too horizontal and thin; still, in the effect of the face made, it was a handsome face, and a remarkable one.
Its owner went downstairs into the courtyard, got into his carriage, and drove away.
Not many people had talked with him at the reception; he had stood in a little space apart, and Monseigneur might have been warmer in his manner.
It appeared, under the circumstances, rather agreeable to him to see the common people dispersed before his horses, and often barely escaping from being run down.
His man drove as if he were charging an enemy, and the furious recklessness of the man brought no check into the face, or to the lips, of the master.
The complaint had sometimes made itself audible, even in that deaf city and dumb age, that, in the narrow streets without footways, the fierce patrician custom of hard driving endangered and maimed the mere vulgar in a barbarous manner.
But, few cared enough for that to think of it a second time, and, in this matter, as in all others, the common wretches were left to get out of their difficulties as they could.
With a wild rattle and clatter, and an inhuman abandonment of consideration not easy to be understood in these days, the carriage dashed through streets and swept round corners, with women screaming before it, and men clutching each other and clutching children out of its way.

In the court-yard some of the merry children were playing who had danced at Christmas round the Fir Tree, and were so glad at the sight of him.
One of the youngest ran and tore off the golden star.
“Only look what is still on the ugly old Christmas tree!” said he, trampling on the branches, so that they all cracked beneath his feet.
And the Tree beheld all the beauty of the flowers, and the freshness in the garden; he beheld himself, and wished he had remained in his dark corner in the loft; he thought of his first youth in the wood, of the merry Christmas-eve, and of the little Mice who had listened with so much pleasure to the story of Humpy-Dumpy.
“'Tis over 'tis past!” said the poor Tree.
“Had I but rejoiced when I had reason to do so!
But now 'tis past, 'tis past!”
And the gardener's boy chopped the Tree into small pieces; there was a whole heap lying there.
The wood flamed up splendidly under the large brewing copper, and it sighed so deeply!
Each sigh was like a shot.
The boys played about in the court, and the youngest wore the gold star on his breast which the Tree had had on the happiest evening of his life.
However, that was over now the Tree gone, the story at an end.
All, all was over every tale must end at last.

"Yes; but I'm awful hungry.
Let's rest and eat our lunch," said Billy, sitting down on a cushion of moss.
"You always want to be stuffing and resting," answered sturdy Tommy, who liked to be moving all the time.
He took the fishing-basket, which hung over his shoulder by a strap, and opened it carefully; for good Mrs. Mullin had packed a nice lunch of bread and butter, cake and peaches, with a bottle of milk, and two large pickles slipped in on the sly to please the boys.
Tommy's face grew very sober as he looked in, for all he saw was a box of worms for bait and an old jacket.
"By George!
we've got the wrong basket.
This is Mullin's, and he's gone off with our prog.
Won't he be mad?"
"Not as mad as I am.
Why didn't you look?
You are always in such a hurry to start.

The father of these two children, a certain Mr. Lindsey, it is important to say, was an excellent but exceedingly matter-of-fact sort of man, a dealer in hardware, and was sturdily accustomed to take what is called the common-sense view of all matters that came under his consideration.
With a heart about as tender as other people's, he had a head as hard and impenetrable, and therefore, perhaps, as empty, as one of the iron pots which it was a part of his business to sell.
The mother's character, on the other hand, had a strain of poetry in it, a trait of unworldly beauty, a delicate and dewy flower, as it were, that had survived out of her imaginative youth, and still kept itself alive amid the dusty realities of matrimony and motherhood.
So, Violet and Peony, as I began with saying, besought their mother to let them run out and play in the new snow; for, though it had looked so dreary and dismal, drifting downward out of the gray sky, it had a very cheerful aspect, now that the sun was shining on it.
The children dwelt in a city, and had no wider play-place than a little garden before the house, divided by a white fence from the street, and with a pear-tree and two or three plum-trees overshadowing it, and some rose-bushes just in front of the parlor-windows.
The trees and shrubs, however, were now leafless, and their twigs were enveloped in the light snow, which thus made a kind of wintry foliage, with here and there a pendent icicle for the fruit.
"Yes, Violet, yes, my little Peony," said their kind mother, "you may go out and play in the new snow."
Accordingly, the good lady bundled up her darlings in woollen jackets and wadded sacks, and put comforters round their necks, and a pair of striped gaiters on each little pair of legs, and worsted mittens on their hands, and gave them a kiss apiece, by way of a spell to keep away Jack Frost.
Forth sallied the two children, with a hop-skip-and-jump, that carried them at once into the very heart of a huge snow-drift, whence Violet emerged like a snow-bunting, while little Peony floundered out with his round face in full bloom.
Then what a merry time had they!
To look at them, frolicking in the wintry garden, you would have thought that the dark and pitiless storm had been sent for no other purpose but to provide a new plaything for Violet and Peony; and that they themselves had beer created, as the snow-birds were, to take delight only in the tempest, and in the white mantle which it spread over the earth.
At last, when they had frosted one another all over with handfuls of snow, Violet, after laughing heartily at little Peony's figure, was struck with a new idea.

His conclusion was that one of two things must be the explanation either that this was a begging impostor, or that the prince, if prince he were, was simply a fool, without the slightest ambition; for a sensible prince with any ambition would certainly not wait about in ante-rooms with servants, and talk of his own private affairs like this.
In either case, how was he to announce this singular visitor?
“I really think I must request you to step into the next room!” he said, with all the insistence he could muster.
“Why?
If I had been sitting there now, I should not have had the opportunity of making these personal explanations.
I see you are still uneasy about me and keep eyeing my cloak and bundle.
Don’t you think you might go in yourself now, without waiting for the secretary to come out?”
“No, no!
I can’t announce a visitor like yourself without the secretary.
Besides the general said he was not to be disturbed he is with the Colonel C .
Gavrila Ardalionovitch goes in without announcing.”
“Who may that be?
a clerk?”
“What?
Gavrila Ardalionovitch?

You shall see the apartment that I told you you could occupy.
It will suit you to a marvel.”
Out of the wine-shop into the street, out of the street into a courtyard, out of the courtyard up a steep staircase, out of the staircase into a garret formerly the garret where a white-haired man sat on a low bench, stooping forward and very busy, making shoes.
No white-haired man was there now; but, the three men were there who had gone out of the wine-shop singly.
And between them and the white-haired man afar off, was the one small link, that they had once looked in at him through the chinks in the wall.
Defarge closed the door carefully, and spoke in a subdued voice:
“Jacques One, Jacques Two, Jacques Three!
This is the witness encountered by appointment, by me, Jacques Four.
He will tell you all.
Speak, Jacques Five!”
The mender of roads, blue cap in hand, wiped his swarthy forehead with it, and said, “Where shall I commence, monsieur?”
“Commence,” was Monsieur Defarge's not unreasonable reply, “at the commencement.”
“I saw him then, messieurs,” began the mender of roads, “a year ago this running summer, underneath the carriage of the Marquis, hanging by the chain.
Behold the manner of it.
I leaving my work on the road, the sun going to bed, the carriage of the Marquis slowly ascending the hill, he hanging by the chain like this.”
Again the mender of roads went through the whole performance; in which he ought to have been perfect by that time, seeing that it had been the infallible resource and indispensable entertainment of his village during a whole year.
Jacques One struck in, and asked if he had ever seen the man before?
“Never,” answered the mender of roads, recovering his perpendicular.

The call of lush meadow-grass, wet orchards, warm, insect-haunted ponds, of browsing cattle, of haymaking, and all the farm-buildings clustering round the House of the perfect Eaves?’
‘Do you suppose,’ asked the second one, that you are the only living thing that craves with a hungry longing to hear the cuckoo’s note again?’
‘In due time,’ said the third, ‘we shall be home-sick once more for quiet water-lilies swaying on the surface of an English stream.
But to-day all that seems pale and thin and very far away.
Just now our blood dances to other music.’
They fell a-twittering among themselves once more, and this time their intoxicating babble was of violet seas, tawny sands, and lizard-haunted walls.
Restlessly the Rat wandered off once more, climbed the slope that rose gently from the north bank of the river, and lay looking out towards the great ring of Downs that barred his vision further southwards his simple horizon hitherto, his Mountains of the Moon, his limit behind which lay nothing he had cared to see or to know.
To-day, to him gazing South with a new-born need stirring in his heart, the clear sky over their long low outline seemed to pulsate with promise; to-day, the unseen was everything, the unknown the only real fact of life.
On this side of the hills was now the real blank, on the other lay the crowded and coloured panorama that his inner eye was seeing so clearly.
What seas lay beyond, green, leaping, and crested!
What sun-bathed coasts, along which the white villas glittered against the olive woods!
What quiet harbours, thronged with gallant shipping bound for purple islands of wine and spice, islands set low in languorous waters!
He rose and descended river-wards once more; then changed his mind and sought the side of the dusty lane.
There, lying half-buried in the thick, cool under-hedge tangle that bordered it, he could muse on the metalled road and all the wondrous world that it led to; on all the wayfarers, too, that might have trodden it, and the fortunes and adventures they had gone to seek or found unseeking out there, beyond beyond!
Footsteps fell on his ear, and the figure of one that walked somewhat wearily came into view; and he saw that it was a Rat, and a very dusty one.

Good night, dear father.
[They go out with Lalotte.]
William Tell.
Thy father's news is not for young ears.
Annette.
There is a sadness in thy voice, and trouble in thy face!
Tell me what has happened to thee!
Wilt thou not trust me?
William Tell.
Yes, my Annette!
Thou hast ever been a good wife and faithful friend.
Why should I conceal my deeds from thee?

Didn't you see the gold with your own two eyes?"
But it was no use talking.
Pay for it he must and should.
There was a meal-sack handy, and into it Hudden and Dudden popped Donald O'Neary, tied him up tight, ran a pole through the knot, and off they started for the Brown Lake of the Bog, each with a pole-end on his shoulder, and Donald O'Neary between.
But the Brown Lake was far, the road was dusty, Hudden and Dudden were sore and weary, and parched with thirst.
There was an inn by the roadside.
"Let's go in," said Hudden; "I'm dead beat.
It's heavy he is for the little he had to eat."
If Hudden was willing, so was Dudden.
As for Donald, you may be sure his leave wasn't asked, but he was dumped down at the inn door for all the world as if he had been a sack of potatoes.
"Sit still, you vagabond," said Dudden; "if we don't mind waiting, you needn't."
Donald held his peace, but after a while he heard the glasses clink, and Hudden singing away at the top of his voice.

The Red River people wouldn't stand for that so the next time he blew straight up but this caused severe cyclones and storms at sea so Paul had to junk the horn and ship it East where later it was made into a tin roof for a big Union Depot.
When Big Joe came to Westwood with Paul, he started something.
About that time you may have read in the papers about a volcanic eruption at Mt.
Lassen, heretofore extinct for many years.
That was where Big Joe dug his bean-hole and when the steam worked out of the bean kettle and up through the ground, everyone thought the old hill had turned volcano.
Every time Joe drops a biscuit they talk of earthquakes.
It was always thought that the quality of the food at Paul's Camps had a lot to do with the strength and endurance of the men.
No doubt it did, but they were a husky lot to start with.
As the feller said about fish for a brain food, "It won't do you no good unless there is a germ there to start with."
There must have been something to the food theory for the chipmunks that ate the prune pits got so big they killed all the wolves and years later the settlers shot them for tigers.
A visitor at one of Paul's camps was astonished to see a crew of men unloading four-horse logging sleds at the cook-shanty.
They appeared to be rolling logs into a trap door from which poured clouds of steam.

"Ah," replied the hound, "because every day I grow older and weaker; I cannot go any more to the hunt, and my master has well-nigh beaten me to death, so that I took to flight; and now I do not know how to earn my bread."
"Well, do you know," said the ass, "I am going to Bremen, to be town musician there; suppose you go with me and take a share in the music.
I will play on the lute, and you shall beat the kettledrums."
The dog was satisfied, and off they set.
Presently they came to a cat, sitting in the middle of the path, with a face like three rainy days!
"Now, then, old shaver, what has crossed you?"
asked the ass.
"How can one be merry when one's neck has been pinched like mine?"
answered the cat.
"Because I am growing old, and my teeth are all worn to stumps, and because I would rather sit by the fire and spin, than run after mice, my mistress wanted to drown me; and so I ran away.
But now good advice is dear, and I do not know what to do."
"Go with us to Bremen.

and she turned to view the splendors about her with awed bewilderment.
"A banquet hall," said Sara.
"A vast chamber where feasts are given.
It has a vaulted roof, and a minstrels' gallery, and a huge chimney filled with blazing oaken logs, and it is brilliant with waxen tapers twinkling on every side."
"My eye, Miss Sara!"
gasped Becky again.
Then the door opened, and Ermengarde came in, rather staggering under the weight of her hamper.
She started back with an exclamation of joy.
To enter from the chill darkness outside, and find one's self confronted by a totally unanticipated festal board, draped with red, adorned with white napery, and wreathed with flowers, was to feel that the preparations were brilliant indeed.
"Oh, Sara!"
she cried out.
"You are the cleverest girl I ever saw!"

There was Queequeg, now, certainly entertaining the most absurd notions about Yojo and his Ramadan;—but what of that?
Queequeg thought he knew what he was about, I suppose; he seemed to be content; and there let him rest.
All our arguing with him would not avail; let him be, I say: and Heaven have mercy on us all—Presbyterians and Pagans alike—for we are all somehow dreadfully cracked about the head, and sadly need mending.
Towards evening, when I felt assured that all his performances and rituals must be over, I went up to his room and knocked at the door; but no answer.
I tried to open it, but it was fastened inside.
“Queequeg,” said I softly through the key-hole:—all silent.
“I say, Queequeg!
why don’t you speak?
It’s I—Ishmael.” But all remained still as before.
I began to grow alarmed.
I had allowed him such abundant time; I thought he might have had an apoplectic fit.
I looked through the key-hole; but the door opening into an odd corner of the room, the key-hole prospect was but a crooked and sinister one.

Both seemed to try his patience sorely, for more than once I heard him say emphatically, "No, no, it is not so, you haf not attend to what I say," and once there was a loud rap, as if he struck the table with his book, followed by the despairing exclamation, "Prut!
It all goes bad this day."
Poor man, I pitied him, and when the girls were gone, took just one more peep to see if he survived it.
He seemed to have thrown himself back in his chair, tired out, and sat there with his eyes shut till the clock struck two, when he jumped up, put his books in his pocket, as if ready for another lesson, and taking little Tina who had fallen asleep on the sofa in his arms, he carried her quietly away.
I fancy he has a hard life of it.
Mrs. Kirke asked me if I wouldn't go down to the five o'clock dinner, and feeling a little bit homesick, I thought I would, just to see what sort of people are under the same roof with me.
So I made myself respectable and tried to slip in behind Mrs. Kirke, but as she is short and I'm tall, my efforts at concealment were rather a failure.
She gave me a seat by her, and after my face cooled off, I plucked up courage and looked about me.
The long table was full, and every one intent on getting their dinner, the gentlemen especially, who seemed to be eating on time, for they bolted in every sense of the word, vanishing as soon as they were done.
There was the usual assortment of young men absorbed in themselves, young couples absorbed in each other, married ladies in their babies, and old gentlemen in politics.
I don't think I shall care to have much to do with any of them, except one sweetfaced maiden lady, who looks as if she had something in her.
Cast away at the very bottom of the table was the Professor, shouting answers to the questions of a very inquisitive, deaf old gentleman on one side, and talking philosophy with a Frenchman on the other.

Come on, gendarmes!
Bind me and throw me amongst the flames.
No, it is not just that poor Harlequin, my true friend, should die for me!"
These words, pronounced in a loud heroic voice, made all the puppets who were present cry.
Even the gendarmes, although they were made of wood, wept like two newly-born lambs.
Fire-eater at first remained as hard and unmoved as ice, but little by little he began to melt and to sneeze.
And having sneezed four or five times, he opened his arms affectionately, and said to Pinocchio:
"You are a good brave boy!
Come here and give me a kiss."
Pinocchio ran at once, and climbing like a squirrel up the showman's beard he deposited a hearty kiss on the point of his nose.
"Then the pardon is granted?"
asked poor Harlequin in a faint voice that was scarcely audible.
"The pardon is granted!"

The mouse was so close that he heard the feeble mew, and in a terrible fright, thinking the cat was after him, he peeped through the stems of the barley to make sure which way to run to get away from her.
What was his delight when he saw his enemy in such trouble and quite unable to do him any harm!
Now it so happened that the owl and the lizard were also in the barley-field, not very far away from the cat, and they too saw the distress their hated enemy was in.
They also caught sight of the little mouse peeping through the barley; and the owl thought to himself, "I'll have you, my little friend, now puss cannot do me any harm,"
whilst the lizard darted away into the sunshine, feeling glad that the cat and the owl were neither of them now likely to trouble their heads about him.
The owl flew quietly to a tree hard by to watch what would happen, feeling so sure of having the mouse for his dinner that he was in no hurry to catch him.
5.
What would you have done if you had been the mouse, when you saw the cat in the snare?
6.
Was the owl wise or foolish to wait before he caught the mouse?
The mouse, small and helpless though he was, was a wise little creature.
He saw the owl fly up into the tree, and knew quite well that if he did not take care he would serve as dinner to that great strong bird.
He knew too that, if he went within reach of the claws of the cat, he would suffer for it.

Bless you, Teddy, bless you!"
Jo had backed into a corner, and as she finished her speech, she vanished precipitately into the kitchen, where she sat down upon a dresser and told the assembled cats that she was "happy, oh, so happy!"
while Laurie departed, feeling that he had made a rather neat thing of it.
"That's the interferingest chap I ever see, but I forgive him and do hope Mrs. March is coming right away," said Hannah, with an air of relief, when Jo told the good news.
Meg had a quiet rapture, and then brooded over the letter, while Jo set the sickroom in order, and Hannah "knocked up a couple of pies in case of company unexpected".
A breath of fresh air seemed to blow through the house, and something better than sunshine brightened the quiet rooms.
Everything appeared to feel the hopeful change.
Beth's bird began to chirp again, and a half-blown rose was discovered on Amy's bush in the window.
The fires seemed to burn with unusual cheeriness, and every time the girls met, their pale faces broke into smiles as they hugged one another, whispering encouragingly, "Mother's coming, dear!
Mother's coming!"
Every one rejoiced but Beth.
She lay in that heavy stupor, alike unconscious of hope and joy, doubt and danger.

The little red drum was put back into the bed, and the Brownie tried another big one.
It went Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
Boom!
and Jack and Margaret marched all along the bed, keeping step to it.
When they had finished picking drums, they went over to a bed filled with horns.
That was the most fun of all.
Some of them made very queer noises, and on some the Brownie played jolly little tunes.
The next bed they came to was filled with toys which could be wound up.
There were trains, automobiles, dancing dolls, climbing monkeys, hopping birds, funny wobbling ducks, and every kind of toy you could think of.

But it was too late.
Hope had already entered; and feeling all its anxious flutter, she bent over her sister to watch she hardly knew for what.
Half an hour passed away, and the favourable symptom yet blessed her.
Others even arose to confirm it.
Her breath, her skin, her lips, all flattered Elinor with signs of amendment; and Marianne fixed her eyes on her with a rational, though languid, gaze.
Anxiety and hope now oppressed her in equal degrees, and left her no moment of tranquillity till the arrival of Mr. Harris at four o'clock; when his assurances, his felicitations on a recovery in her sister even surpassing his expectation, gave her confidence, comfort, and tears of joy.
Marianne was in every respect materially better, and he declared her entirely out of danger.
Mrs. Jennings, perhaps satisfied with the partial justification of her forebodings which had been found in their late alarm, allowed herself to trust in his judgment, and admitted, with unfeigned joy, and soon with unequivocal cheerfulness, the probability of an entire recovery.
Elinor could not be cheerful.
Her joy was of a different kind, and led to any thing rather than to gaiety.
Marianne restored to life, health, friends, and to her doting mother, was an idea to fill her heart with sensations of exquisite comfort, and expand it in fervent gratitude; but it led to no outward demonstrations of joy, no words, no smiles.
All within Elinor's breast was satisfaction, silent and strong.

"Perhaps so," answered Epimetheus, turning away.
"But until Quicksilver comes back and tells us so, we have neither of us any right to lift the lid of the box."
"What a dull boy he is!"
muttered Pandora, as Epimetheus left the cottage.
"I do wish he had a little more enterprise!"
For the first time since her arrival, Epimetheus had gone out without asking Pandora to accompany him.
He went to gather figs and grapes by himself, or to seek whatever amusement he could find, in other society than his little playfellow's.
He was tired to death of hearing about the box, and heartily wished that Quicksilver, or whatever was the messenger's name, had left it at some other child's door, where Pandora would never have set eyes on it.
So perseveringly as she did babble about this one thing!
The box, the box, and nothing but the box!
It seemed as if the box were bewitched, and as if the cottage were not big enough to hold it, without Pandora's continually stumbling over it, and making Epimetheus stumble over it likewise, and bruising all four of their shins.
Well, it was really hard that poor Epimetheus should have a box in his ears from morning till night; especially as the little people of the earth were so unaccustomed to vexations, in those happy days, that they knew not how to deal with them.

"True for you," said Dudden.
"Ah, Donald, my boy, it was an ill day when you borrowed my scales!"
Off they went, with a light step and an easy heart, but when they were near home, whom should they see but Donald O'Neary, and all around him the cows were grazing, and the calves were kicking up their heels and butting their heads together.
"Is it you, Donald?"
said Dudden.
"Faith, you've been quicker than we have."
"True for you, Dudden, and let me thank you kindly; the turn was good, if the will was ill. You'll have heard, like me, that the Brown Lake leads to the Land of Promise.
I always put it down as lies, but it is just as true as my word.
Look at the cattle."
Hudden stared, and Dudden gaped; but they couldn't get over the cattle; fine, fat cattle they were, too.
"It's only the worst I could bring up with me," said Donald O'Neary; "the others were so fat, there was no driving them.
Faith, too, it's little wonder they didn't care to leave, with grass as far as you could see, and as sweet and juicy as fresh butter."

The old gentleman died: his will was read, and like almost every other will, gave as much disappointment as pleasure.
He was neither so unjust, nor so ungrateful, as to leave his estate from his nephew; but he left it to him on such terms as destroyed half the value of the bequest.
Mr. Dashwood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son; but to his son, and his son's son, a child of four years old, it was secured, in such a way, as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most dear to him, and who most needed a provision by any charge on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods.
The whole was tied up for the benefit of this child, who, in occasional visits with his father and mother at Norland, had so far gained on the affections of his uncle, by such attractions as are by no means unusual in children of two or three years old; an imperfect articulation, an earnest desire of having his own way, many cunning tricks, and a great deal of noise, as to outweigh all the value of all the attention which, for years, he had received from his niece and her daughters.
He meant not to be unkind, however, and, as a mark of his affection for the three girls, he left them a thousand pounds a-piece.
Mr. Dashwood's disappointment was, at first, severe; but his temper was cheerful and sanguine; and he might reasonably hope to live many years, and by living economically, lay by a considerable sum from the produce of an estate already large, and capable of almost immediate improvement.
But the fortune, which had been so tardy in coming, was his only one twelvemonth.
He survived his uncle no longer; and ten thousand pounds, including the late legacies, was all that remained for his widow and daughters.
His son was sent for as soon as his danger was known, and to him Mr.
Dashwood recommended, with all the strength and urgency which illness could command, the interest of his mother-in-law and sisters.
Mr. John Dashwood had not the strong feelings of the rest of the family; but he was affected by a recommendation of such a nature at such a time, and he promised to do every thing in his power to make them comfortable.
His father was rendered easy by such an assurance, and Mr. John Dashwood had then leisure to consider how much there might prudently be in his power to do for them.
He was not an ill-disposed young man, unless to be rather cold hearted and rather selfish is to be ill-disposed: but he was, in general, well respected; for he conducted himself with propriety in the discharge of his ordinary duties.

But the whale rushed round in a sudden maelstrom; seized the swimmer between his jaws; and rearing high up with him, plunged headlong again, and went down.
“Meantime, at the first tap of the boat’s bottom, the Lakeman had slackened the line, so as to drop astern from the whirlpool; calmly looking on, he thought his own thoughts.
But a sudden, terrific, downward jerking of the boat, quickly brought his knife to the line.
He cut it; and the whale was free.
But, at some distance, Moby Dick rose again, with some tatters of Radney’s red woollen shirt, caught in the teeth that had destroyed him.
All four boats gave chase again; but the whale eluded them, and finally wholly disappeared.
“In good time, the Town-Ho reached her port—a savage, solitary place—where no civilized creature resided.
There, headed by the Lakeman, all but five or six of the foremastmen deliberately deserted among the palms; eventually, as it turned out, seizing a large double war-canoe of the savages, and setting sail for some other harbor.
“The ship’s company being reduced to but a handful, the captain called upon the Islanders to assist him in the laborious business of heaving down the ship to stop the leak.
But to such unresting vigilance over their dangerous allies was this small band of whites necessitated, both by night and by day, and so extreme was the hard work they underwent, that upon the vessel being ready again for sea, they were in such a weakened condition that the captain durst not put off with them in so heavy a vessel.
After taking counsel with his officers, he anchored the ship as far off shore as possible; loaded and ran out his two cannon from the bows; stacked his muskets on the poop; and warning the Islanders not to approach the ship at their peril, took one man with him, and setting the sail of his best whale-boat, steered straight before the wind for Tahiti, five hundred miles distant, to procure a reinforcement to his crew.
“On the fourth day of the sail, a large canoe was descried, which seemed to have touched at a low isle of corals.

A light, or a shade (the old gentleman could not have said which), passed from it as swiftly as a change will sweep over a hill-side on a wild bright day, and he lifted his foot to put back one of the little flaming logs, which was tumbling forward.
He wore the white riding-coat and top-boots, then in vogue, and the light of the fire touching their light surfaces made him look very pale, with his long brown hair, all untrimmed, hanging loose about him.
His indifference to fire was sufficiently remarkable to elicit a word of remonstrance from Mr. Lorry; his boot was still upon the hot embers of the flaming log, when it had broken under the weight of his foot.
“I forgot it,” he said.
Mr. Lorry's eyes were again attracted to his face.
Taking note of the wasted air which clouded the naturally handsome features, and having the expression of prisoners' faces fresh in his mind, he was strongly reminded of that expression.
“And your duties here have drawn to an end, sir?” said Carton, turning to him.
“Yes.
As I was telling you last night when Lucie came in so unexpectedly, I have at length done all that I can do here.
I hoped to have left them in perfect safety, and then to have quitted Paris.
I have my Leave to Pass.
I was ready to go.”
They were both silent.

“The ruby has fallen out of his sword, his eyes are gone, and he is golden no longer,” said the Mayor in fact, “he is litttle better than a beggar!”
“Little better than a beggar,” said the Town Councillors.
“And here is actually a dead bird at his feet!” continued the Mayor.
“We must really issue a proclamation that birds are not to be allowed to die here.”  And the Town Clerk made a note of the suggestion.
So they pulled down the statue of the Happy Prince.
“As he is no longer beautiful he is no longer useful,” said the Art Professor at the University.
Then they melted the statue in a furnace, and the Mayor held a meeting of the Corporation to decide what was to be done with the metal.
“We must have another statue, of course,” he said, “and it shall be a statue of myself.”
“Of myself,” said each of the Town Councillors, and they quarrelled.
When I last heard of them they were quarrelling still.
“What a strange thing!” said the overseer of the workmen at the foundry.
“This broken lead heart will not melt in the furnace.
We must throw it away.”  So they threw it on a dust-heap where the dead Swallow was also lying.
“Bring me the two most precious things in the city,” said God to one of His Angels; and the Angel brought Him the leaden heart and the dead bird.

"But as I was saying " Sister Spicer began, when Sister Poteet, whose rocker, near the window, commanded a view of the front gate, interrupted with a warning, "'Sh-'sh."
"Why shouldn't I say what I wanted to when " Sister Spicer began.
"There she comes now," explained Sister Poteet, "and as I live the deacon drove her here in his sleigh, and he's waiting while she comes in.
I wonder what next," and Sister Poteet, in conjunction with the entire society, gasped and held their eager breaths, awaiting the entrance of the subject of conversation.
Sister Spicer went to the front door to let her in, and she was greeted with the greatest cordiality by everybody.
"We were just talking about you and wondering why you were so late coming," cried Sister Poteet.
"Now take off your things and make up for lost time.
There's a pair of pants over there to be cut down to fit that poor little Snithers boy."
The excitement and curiosity of the society were almost more than could be borne, but never a sister let on that she knew the deacon was at the gate waiting.
Indeed, as far as the widow could discover, there was not the slightest indication that anybody had ever heard there was such a person as the deacon in existence.
"Oh," she chirruped, in the liveliest of humors, "you will have to excuse me for today.
Deacon Hawkins overtook me on the way here, and here said I had simply got to go sleigh-riding with him.

He seemed to be trying to make everyone understand that he would come back if he were able, but the sea was so heavy that he could do nothing with his oars.
Suddenly a huge wave came and the boat disappeared.
They waited and waited for it, but it was gone.
“Poor man!” said the fisher folk on the shore, whispering a prayer as they turned to go home.
Just then a desperate cry was heard.
Turning around, the fisher folk saw Pinocchio dive into the sea and heard him cry out:
“I’ll save him!
I’ll save my father!”
The Marionette, being made of wood, floated easily along and swam like a fish in the rough water.
Now and again he disappeared only to reappear once more.
In a twinkling, he was far away from land.
At last he was completely lost to view.
“Poor boy!” cried the fisher folk on the shore, and again they mumbled a few prayers, as they returned home.
CHAPTER 24 
Pinocchio reaches the Island of the Busy Bees and finds the Fairy once more.

"It was not I!"
"Would you have it then, that it was I?
It was you, I say!"
"No!"
"Yes!"
"No!"
"Yes!"
And becoming more and more angry, from words they came to blows, and flying at each other they bit, and fought, and scratched manfully.
When the fight was over Master Antonio was in possession of Geppetto's yellow wig, and Geppetto discovered that the gray wig belonging to the carpenter had remained between his teeth.
"Give me back my wig," screamed Master Antonio.
"And you return me mine, and let us make friends."
The two old men having each recovered his own wig shook hands, and swore that they would remain friends to the end of their lives.

The screws of his resolution had been loosened.
At sight of the glistening bar the whole moral structure of twenty years came tumbling down.
Mechanically he entered the saloon, and laid a silver quarter upon the bar as he said:
"A little whiskey an' sugar."
The arms of the bartender worked like a faker's in a side show as he set out the glass with its little quota of "short sweetening" and a cut-glass decanter, and sent a half-tumbler of water spinning along from the upper end of the bar with a dime in change.
"Whiskey is higher'n used to be," said Elder Brown; but the bartender was taking another order, and did not hear him.
Elder Brown stirred away the sugar, and let a steady stream of red liquid flow into the glass.
He swallowed the drink as unconcernedly as though his morning tod had never been suspended, and pocketed the change.
"But it ain't any better than it was," he concluded, as he passed out.
He did not even seem to realize that he had done anything extraordinary.
There was a millinery store up the street, and thither with uncertain step he wended his way, feeling a little more elate, and altogether sociable.
A pretty, black-eyed girl, struggling to keep down her mirth, came forward and faced him behind the counter.
Elder Brown lifted his faded hat with the politeness, if not the grace, of a Castilian, and made a sweeping bow.

It was the little crab's pleasure to go out day by day and sit in the sun and put out his long eyes in the same way as a snail puts out its horn, and watch the persimmons ripening to perfection.
"How delicious they will be to eat!"
he said to himself.
At last, one day, he knew the persimmons must be quite ripe and he wanted very much to taste one.
He made several attempts to climb the tree, in the vain hope of reaching one of the beautiful persimmons hanging above him; but he failed each time, for a crab's legs are not made for climbing trees but only for running along the ground and over stones, both of which he can do most cleverly.
In his dilemma he thought of his old playmate the monkey, who, he knew, could climb trees better than any one else in the world.
He determined to ask the monkey to help him, and set out to find him.
Running crab-fashion up the stony river bank, over the pathways into the shadowy forest, the crab at last found the monkey taking an afternoon nap in his favorite pine-tree, with his tail curled tight around a branch to prevent him from falling off in his dreams.
He was soon wide awake, however, when he heard himself called, and eagerly listening to what the crab told him.
When he heard that the seed which he had long ago exchanged for a rice-dumpling had grown into a tree and was now bearing good fruit, he was delighted, for he at once devised a cunning plan which would give him all the persimmons for himself.
He consented to go with the crab to pick the fruit for him.
When they both reached the spot, the monkey was astonished to see what a fine tree had sprung from the seed, and with what a number of ripe persimmons the branches were loaded.

Having arrived at their destination the general took Kintaro at once to his Lord, Minamoto-no-Raiko, and told him all about Kintaro and how he had found the child.
Lord Raiko was delighted with the story, and having commanded Kintaro to be brought to him, made him one of his vassals at once.
Lord Raiko's army was famous for its band called "The Four Braves."
These warriors were chosen by himself from amongst the bravest and strongest of his soldiers, and the small and well-picked band was distinguished throughout the whole of Japan for the dauntless courage of its men.
When Kintaro grew up to be a man his master made him the Chief of the Four Braves.
He was by far the strongest of them all.
Soon after this event, news was brought to the city that a cannibal monster had taken up his abode not far away and that people were stricken with fear.
Lord Raiko ordered Kintaro to the rescue.
He immediately started off, delighted at the prospect of trying his sword.
Surprising the monster in its den, he made short work of cutting off its great head, which he carried back in triumph to his master.
Kintaro now rose to be the greatest hero of his country, and great was the power and honor and wealth that came to him.
He now kept his promise and built a comfortable home for his old mother, who lived happily with him in the Capital to the end of her days.

he barked, and then added, "The weather is going to change."
The weather did change.
It began to thaw, and as the warmth increased, the Snow Man decreased.
He said nothing and made no complaint, which is a sure sign.
One morning he broke and sank down altogether; and behold!
where he had stood, something that looked like a broomstick remained sticking up in the ground.
It was the pole round which the boys had built him.
"Ah, now I understand why he had such a great longing for the stove,"
said the yard dog.
"Why, there's the shovel that is used for cleaning out the stove, fastened to the pole.
The Snow Man had a stove scraper in his body; that was what moved him so.
But it is all over now.
Away, away!"

I will now give thee half my kingdom, and after my death thou shalt have the whole of it.” “Then I hope that what begins so well may end well, and I will stay with you,” said the youth.
And the old man gave him half the kingdom, and in a year’s time, when he died, the youth had the whole, and after the death of his father he had another kingdom as well, and lived in all magnificence.
145 The Ungrateful Son 
A man and his wife were once sitting by the door of their house, and they had a roasted chicken set before them, and were about to eat it together.
Then the man saw that his aged father was coming, and hastily took the chicken and hid it, for he would not permit him to have any of it.
The old man came, took a drink, and went away.
Now the son wanted to put the roasted chicken on the table again, but when he took it up, it had become a great toad, which jumped into his face and sat there and never went away again, and if any one wanted to take it off, it looked venomously at him as if it would jump in his face, so that no one would venture to touch it.
And the ungrateful son was forced to feed the toad every day, or else it fed itself on his face; and thus he went about the world without knowing rest.
146 The Turnip 
There were once two brothers who both served as soldiers; one of them was rich, and the other poor.
Then the poor one, to escape from his poverty, put off his soldier’s coat, and turned farmer.
He dug and hoed his bit of land, and sowed it with turnip-seed.
The seed came up, and one turnip grew there which became large and vigorous, and visibly grew bigger and bigger, and seemed as if it would never stop growing, so that it might have been called the princess of turnips, for never was such an one seen before, and never will such an one be seen again.
At length it was so enormous that by itself it filled a whole cart, and two oxen were required to draw it, and the farmer had not the least idea what he was to do with the turnip, or whether it would be a fortune to him or a misfortune.

Sandman (comes).
With my little bag of sand    By every child's bedside I stand.
Then little tired eyelids close,    And little limbs have sweet repose.
Then from the starry sphere above    The angels come with peace and love.
Then slumber, children, slumber,    For happy dreams are sent you    Through the hours you sleep.
[Goes away.]
Hänsel.
I'm sleepy.
Let us go to sleep.
Gretel.
Let us say our prayers first.
Both.

"With or without a black-jack?"
enquired John.
"Did he give any name?"
"Sure.
Parker's his name.
He blew in oncst before when Mr. Smith was here.
I loosed him into de odder room."
John walked through.
The man he had seen with Mr. Scobell at the Knickerbocker was standing at the window.
"Mr.
Parker?"
The other turned, as the door opened, and looked at him keenly.

Sustain yourself without that.
When the time comes, let loose a tiger and a devil; but wait for the time with the tiger and the devil chained not shown yet always ready.”
Madame enforced the conclusion of this piece of advice by striking her little counter with her chain of money as if she knocked its brains out, and then gathering the heavy handkerchief under her arm in a serene manner, and observing that it was time to go to bed.
Next noontide saw the admirable woman in her usual place in the wine-shop, knitting away assiduously.
A rose lay beside her, and if she now and then glanced at the flower, it was with no infraction of her usual preoccupied air.
There were a few customers, drinking or not drinking, standing or seated, sprinkled about.
The day was very hot, and heaps of flies, who were extending their inquisitive and adventurous perquisitions into all the glutinous little glasses near madame, fell dead at the bottom.
Their decease made no impression on the other flies out promenading, who looked at them in the coolest manner (as if they themselves were elephants, or something as far removed), until they met the same fate.
Curious to consider how heedless flies are!
perhaps they thought as much at Court that sunny summer day.
A figure entering at the door threw a shadow on Madame Defarge which she felt to be a new one.
She laid down her knitting, and began to pin her rose in her head-dress, before she looked at the figure.
It was curious.

My grandfather told us once that a lie was always a lie, and that calling it a joke didn't make it any better.
I think he was right."
And the Snow Buntings and Juncos, who are bright and honest, nodded their dainty little heads and said, "Nobody in our own dear north country ever spoke a truer word than that."
So they became firm friends of the Ground Hog, even if he were not so large as the rock.
THE END.
True Stories of Wonderful Deeds 
The Royal Oak
There is in Shropshire a fine oak-tree which the country people there call the "Royal Oak".
They say it is the great-grandson, or perhaps the great-great-grandson of another fine old oak, which more than two hundred years ago stood on the same spot, and served once as a shelter to an English king.
This king was Charles II, the son of the unlucky Charles I who had his head cut off by his subjects because he was a weak and selfish ruler.
On the very day on which that unhappy king lost his head, the Parliament passed a law forbidding anyone to make his son, Prince Charles of Wales, or any other person, king of England.
But the Scottish people did not obey this law.
They persuaded the young prince to sign a paper, solemnly promising to rule the country as they wished; then they crowned him king.
As soon as the Parliament heard of this they sent Cromwell and his Ironsides against the newly-crowned king and his followers, and after several battles the Scottish army was at last broken up and scattered at Worcester.

So they did that, and when it was done, he said, “The yarn is in skeins, now it must be boiled.” The woman was again distressed; She certainly said, “Yes, we will boil it next morning early.” but she was secretly contriving another trick.
Early in the morning she got up, lighted a fire, and put the kettle on, only instead of the yarn, she put in a lump of tow, and let it boil.
After that she went to the man who was still lying in bed, and said to him, “I must just go out, you must get up and look after the yarn which is in the kettle on the fire, but you must be at hand at once; mind that, for if the cock should happen to crow, and you are not attending to the yarn, it will become tow.” The man was willing and took good care not to loiter.
He got up as quickly as he could, and went into the kitchen.
But when he reached the kettle and peeped in, he saw, to his horror, nothing but a lump of tow.
Then the poor man was as still as a mouse, thinking he had neglected it, and was to blame, and in future said no more about yarn and spinning.
But you yourself must own she was an odious woman!
129 The Four Skilful Brothers 
There was once a poor man who had four sons, and when they were grown up, he said to them, “My dear children, you must now go out into the world, for I have nothing to give you, so set out, and go to some distance and learn a trade, and see how you can make your way.” So the four brothers took their sticks, bade their father farewell, and went through the town-gate together.
When they had travelled about for some time, they came to a cross-way which branched off in four different directions.
Then said the eldest, “Here we must separate, but on this day four years, we will meet each other again at this spot, and in the meantime we will seek our fortunes.”
Then each of them went his way, and the eldest met a man who asked him where he was going, and what he was intending to do?
“I want to learn a trade,” he replied.
Then the other said, “Come with me, and be a thief.” “No,” he answered, “that is no longer regarded as a reputable trade, and the end of it is that one has to swing on the gallows.”
“Oh,” said the man, “you need not be afraid of the gallows; I will only teach you to get such things as no other man could ever lay hold of, and no one will ever detect you.” So he allowed himself to be talked into it, and while with the man became an accomplished thief, and so dexterous that nothing was safe from him, if he once desired to have it.

There was almost nothing he could not do, and he now imitated the voice of Hook.
“Ahoy there, you lubbers!” he called.
It was a marvellous imitation.
“The captain!” said the pirates, staring at each other in surprise.
“He must be swimming out to us,” Starkey said, when they had looked for him in vain.
“We are putting the redskin on the rock,” Smee called out.
“Set her free,” came the astonishing answer.
“Free!”
“Yes, cut her bonds and let her go.”
“But, captain ”
“At once, d'ye hear,” cried Peter, “or I'll plunge my hook in you.”
“This is queer!” Smee gasped.
“Better do what the captain orders,” said Starkey nervously.
“Ay, ay,” Smee said, and he cut Tiger Lily's cords.
At once like an eel she slid between Starkey's legs into the water.
Of course Wendy was very elated over Peter's cleverness; but she knew that he would be elated also and very likely crow and thus betray himself, so at once her hand went out to cover his mouth.

The island appeared to be surrounded with cannon as thick as peas; the gigantic guards walked up and down the shores tugging fiercely at their big mustaches.
As soon as the ship became visible from a tower somebody shouted through a Dutch trumpet:
"Stop!
Answer!
What kind of people are ye?
Why come ye here?"
The seventh Simeon answered from the ship: "We are a peaceful people, not enemies but friends, merchants everywhere welcomed as guests.
We bring foreign merchandise.
We want to sell, to buy, and to exchange.
We also have gifts for your king and for the korolevna."
The five brothers, our brave Simeons, lowered the boat, loaded it with choice Venetian velvets, brocades, pearls, and precious stones, and covered all with Persian rugs.
They rowed to the wharf, and landing near the king's palace, at once carried their gifts to the king.
The beautiful korolevna Helena was sitting in her terem.

How ever was his lunch to come in now?
The opening hymn had been sung, the prayer of thanksgiving offered, and now, as the collection was about to be taken, the pastor begged his people to be especially generous to the poor on this day.
Up in the front pew sat Johnnie, but never a word of the notice did he hear, so busy was he planning out his own little affair.
It wasn't such easy planning either, just supposing he got caught!
But what was that?
Johnnie jumped as if he had been struck.
However, it was nothing but the money plate under his nose, and the good Deacon Simms standing calmly by.
To the guilty boy it seemed as if the deacon must have been waiting for ten minutes at the least, and in a great flurry he began to fumble for his handkerchief.
What had he done with it?
Oh, there it was at last, way down in the depths of his right trousers' pocket.
He caught hold of the knotted corner, and out came the handkerchief with a whisk and a flourish, and scatter, rattle, helter-skelter, out flew a half-dozen pink thimble cakes, down upon the floor, back into Mrs. Smiley's pew, and to Johnnie's horror one pat into the deacon's plate!
The good man's eyes tried not to twinkle as he removed the unusual offering, and passed on more quickly than was his wont.

Yes; I think he's dead enough, Georgy.
ST. GEORGE.
Carry him away then, Father.
FATHER CHRISTMAS [vainly tries to move the GIANT'S body].
Thou killed him; thou carry him away.
ST. GEORGE.
If you can't carry him, call for help.
FATHER CHRISTMAS [to audience].
Three or four of you great logger-headed fellows, Come and carry him away.
[DOCTOR and FOOL raise the GIANT by his arms.
Exit GIANT.]
[Enter LITTLE MAN JACK.]

Ha!
ha!
ha!
I suppose you despise me dreadfully, prince, eh?
What do you think?”
“Why?
Because you have suffered more than we have?”
“No; because I am unworthy of my sufferings, if you like!”
“Whoever can suffer is worthy to suffer, I should think.
Aglaya Ivanovna wished to see you, after she had read your confession, but ”
“She postponed the pleasure I see I quite understand!” said Hippolyte, hurriedly, as though he wished to banish the subject.
“I hear they tell me that you read her all that nonsense aloud?
Stupid bosh it was written in delirium.
And I can’t understand how anyone can be so I won’t say cruel, because the word would be humiliating to myself, but we’ll say childishly vain and revengeful, as to reproach me with this confession, and use it as a weapon against me.
Don’t be afraid, I’m not referring to yourself.”
“Oh, but I’m sorry you repudiate the confession, Hippolyte it is sincere; and, do you know, even the absurd parts of it and these are many” (here Hippolyte frowned savagely) “are, as it were, redeemed by suffering for it must have cost you something to admit what you there say great torture, perhaps, for all I know.
Your motive must have been a very noble one all through.

But I shall not leave the place, for it now begins to be amusing here.
I am extremely fond of that stranger: would that his beard should not grow, for in that case he will leave us!”
In the evening, the princess and the shadow danced together in the large ball-room.
She was light, but he was still lighter; she had never had such a partner in the dance.
She told him from what land she came, and he knew that land; he had been there, but then she was not at home; he had peeped in at the window, above and below he had seen both the one and the other, and so he could answer the princess, and make insinuations, so that she was quite astonished; he must be the wisest man in the whole world!
She felt such respect for what he knew!
So that when they again danced together she fell in love with him; and that the shadow could remark, for she almost pierced him through with her eyes.
So they danced once more together; and she was about to declare herself, but she was discreet; she thought of her country and kingdom, and of the many persons she would have to reign over.
“He is a wise man,” said she to herself “It is well; and he dances delightfully that is also good; but has he solid knowledge?
That is just as important!
He must be examined.”
So she began, by degrees, to question him about the most difficult things she could think of, and which she herself could not have answered; so that the shadow made a strange face.
“You cannot answer these questions?” said the princess.
“They belong to my childhood's learning,” said the shadow.

And the Fairy said, "Leather."
And the little girl said, "Bargain's   done forever," and skipped off, and hippity-hopped the whole way home,   she was so glad.
"How will that do?"
asked the papa.
"First-rate!"
said the little girl; but she hated to have the story stop, and was rather sober.
However, her mamma put her head in at the door, and asked her papa:
"Are you never coming to breakfast?
What have you been telling that child?"
"Oh, just a moral tale."
The little girl caught him around the neck again.
"We know!
Don't you tell what, papa!

Lionel ran upstairs at the last minute, and he kissed Nurse and said:
"Thank you for washing me.
I wish I'd let you do the other ear.
No there's no time now.
Give me the hanky.
Good-bye, Nurse."
"Good-bye, ducky," said Nurse.
"Be a good little King now, and say 'please' and 'thank you,' and remember to pass the cake to the little girls, and don't have more than two helps of anything."
So off went Lionel to be made a King.
He had never expected to be a King any more than you have, so it was all quite new to him so new that he had never even thought of it.
And as the coach went through the town he had to bite his tongue to be quite sure it was real, because if his tongue was real it showed he wasn't dreaming.
Half an hour before he had been building with bricks in the nursery; and now the streets were all fluttering with flags; every window was crowded with people waving handkerchiefs and scattering flowers; there were scarlet soldiers everywhere along the pavements, and all the bells of all the churches were ringing like mad, and like a great song to the music of their ringing he heard thousands of people shouting, "Long live Lionel!
Long live our little King!"

Anfisa Alexeyevna’s birthday came off just then, too, and there were two balls arranged.
At that time Dumas-fils’ beautiful work, La Dame aux Camélias a novel which I consider imperishable had just come into fashion.
In the provinces all the ladies were in raptures over it, those who had read it, at least.
Camellias were all the fashion.
Everyone inquired for them, everybody wanted them; and a grand lot of camellias are to be got in a country town as you all know and two balls to provide for!
“Poor Peter Volhofskoi was desperately in love with Anfisa Alexeyevna.
I don’t know whether there was anything I mean I don’t know whether he could possibly have indulged in any hope.
The poor fellow was beside himself to get her a bouquet of camellias.
Countess Sotski and Sophia Bespalova, as everyone knew, were coming with white camellia bouquets.
Anfisa wished for red ones, for effect.
Well, her husband Platon was driven desperate to find some.
And the day before the ball, Anfisa’s rival snapped up the only red camellias to be had in the place, from under Platon’s nose, and Platon wretched man was done for.

Wa-hee!” screamed the Gay-Header in reply, raising some old war-whoop to the skies; as every oarsman in the strained boat involuntarily bounced forward with the one tremendous leading stroke which the eager Indian gave.
But his wild screams were answered by others quite as wild.
“Kee-hee!
Kee-hee!” yelled Daggoo, straining forwards and backwards on his seat, like a pacing tiger in his cage.
“Ka-la!
Koo-loo!” howled Queequeg, as if smacking his lips over a mouthful of Grenadier’s steak.
And thus with oars and yells the keels cut the sea.
Meanwhile, Stubb retaining his place in the van, still encouraged his men to the onset, all the while puffing the smoke from his mouth.
Like desperadoes they tugged and they strained, till the welcome cry was heard—“Stand up, Tashtego!—give it to him!” The harpoon was hurled.
“Stern all!” The oarsmen backed water; the same moment something went hot and hissing along every one of their wrists.
It was the magical line.
An instant before, Stubb had swiftly caught two additional turns with it round the loggerhead, whence, by reason of its increased rapid circlings, a hempen blue smoke now jetted up and mingled with the steady fumes from his pipe.

Not only this, but at midnight these four wonderful men, thanks to Athos, who spoke excellent English, were also at work at the scaffold having bribed the carpenter in charge to let them assist and at the same time boring a hole in the wall.
The scaffold, which had two lower stories, and was covered with black serge, was at the height of twenty feet, on a level with the window in the king's room; and the hole communicated with a narrow loft, between the floor of the king's room, and the ceiling of the one below it.
The plan was to pass through the hole into the loft, and cut out from below a piece of the flooring of the king's room, so as to form a kind of trap-door.
The king was to escape through this on the following night, and, hidden by the black covering of the scaffold, was then to change his dress for that of a workman, and so pass the sentinels on duty, and reach the skiff that was waiting for him at Greenwich.
At nine o'clock in the morning Aramis, this time in attendance on Bishop Juxon, was once more in the king's room.
"Sire," he said, "you are saved!
The London executioner has vanished, and there is no executioner nearer at hand than Bristol.
The Count de la Fère is two feet below you; take the poker from the fireplace, and strike three times on the floor.
He will answer you.
He has the path ready for your majesty to escape by."
The king did as Aramis suggested, and in reply came three dull knocks from below.
"The Count de la Fère," said Aramis.

‘Tell me something of your coasting, then, if you have a mind to, and what sort of harvest an animal of spirit might hope to bring home from it to warm his latter days with gallant memories by the fireside; for my life, I confess to you, feels to me to-day somewhat narrow and circumscribed.’
‘My last voyage,’ began the Sea Rat, ‘that landed me eventually in this country, bound with high hopes for my inland farm, will serve as a good example of any of them, and, indeed, as an epitome of my highly-coloured life.
Family troubles, as usual, began it.
The domestic storm-cone was hoisted, and I shipped myself on board a small trading vessel bound from Constantinople, by classic seas whose every wave throbs with a deathless memory, to the Grecian Islands and the Levant.
Those were golden days and balmy nights!
In and out of harbour all the time old friends everywhere sleeping in some cool temple or ruined cistern during the heat of the day feasting and song after sundown, under great stars set in a velvet sky!
Thence we turned and coasted up the Adriatic, its shores swimming in an atmosphere of amber, rose, and aquamarine; we lay in wide land-locked harbours, we roamed through ancient and noble cities, until at last one morning, as the sun rose royally behind us, we rode into Venice down a path of gold.
O, Venice is a fine city, wherein a rat can wander at his ease and take his pleasure!
Or, when weary of wandering, can sit at the edge of the Grand Canal at night, feasting with his friends, when the air is full of music and the sky full of stars, and the lights flash and shimmer on the polished steel prows of the swaying gondolas, packed so that you could walk across the canal on them from side to side!
And then the food do you like shellfish?
Well, well, we won’t linger over that now.’
He was silent for a time; and the Water Rat, silent too and enthralled, floated on dream-canals and heard a phantom song pealing high between vaporous grey wave-lapped walls.
‘Southwards we sailed again at last,’ continued the Sea Rat, ‘coasting down the Italian shore, till finally we made Palermo, and there I quitted for a long, happy spell on shore.
I never stick too long to one ship; one gets narrow-minded and prejudiced.

What was this nocturnal expedition, and why should I go armed?
Where were we going, and what were we to do?
I had the hint from Holmes that this smooth-faced pawnbroker’s assistant was a formidable man—a man who might play a deep game.
I tried to puzzle it out, but gave it up in despair and set the matter aside until night should bring an explanation.
It was a quarter-past nine when I started from home and made my way across the Park, and so through Oxford Street to Baker Street.
Two hansoms were standing at the door, and as I entered the passage I heard the sound of voices from above.
On entering his room, I found Holmes in animated conversation with two men, one of whom I recognised as Peter Jones, the official police agent, while the other was a long, thin, sad-faced man, with a very shiny hat and oppressively respectable frock-coat.
“Ha!
Our party is complete,” said Holmes, buttoning up his pea-jacket and taking his heavy hunting crop from the rack.
“Watson, I think you know Mr. Jones, of Scotland Yard?
Let me introduce you to Mr.
Merryweather, who is to be our companion in to-night’s adventure.”
“We’re hunting in couples again, Doctor, you see,” said Jones in his consequential way.
“Our friend here is a wonderful man for starting a chase.

Now, there wasn’t any bridge, and there wasn’t any ferry-boat, and Kangaroo didn’t know how to get over; so he stood on his legs and hopped.
He had to!
He hopped through the Flinders; he hopped through the Cinders; he hopped through the deserts in the middle of Australia.
He hopped like a Kangaroo.
First he hopped one yard; then he hopped three yards; then he hopped five yards; his legs growing stronger; his legs growing longer.
He hadn’t any time for rest or refreshment, and he wanted them very much.
Still ran Dingo Yellow-Dog Dingo very much bewildered, very much hungry, and wondering what in the world or out of it made Old Man Kangaroo hop.
For he hopped like a cricket; like a pea in a saucepan; or a new rubber ball on a nursery floor.
He had to!
He tucked up his front legs; he hopped on his hind legs; he stuck out his tail for a balance-weight behind him; and he hopped through the Darling Downs.
He had to!
Still ran Dingo Tired-Dog Dingo hungrier and hungrier, very much bewildered, and wondering when in the world or out of it would Old Man Kangaroo stop.

exclaimed the wife.
"My dear, good husband, now I'll tell you something.
Do you know, almost as soon as you left me this morning, I began thinking of what I could give you nice for supper this evening, and then I thought of fried eggs and bacon, with sweet herbs.
I had eggs and bacon but lacked the herbs, so I went over to the schoolmaster's.
I knew they had plenty of herbs, but the schoolmistress is very mean, although she can smile so sweetly.
I begged her to lend me a handful of herbs.
'Lend!'
she exclaimed, 'I have nothing to lend.
I could not even lend you a shriveled apple, my dear woman.'
But now I can lend her ten, or a whole sackful, for which I'm very glad.
It makes me laugh to think of it."
Then she gave him a hearty kiss.

thought Jo, as she was marched away, while her eyes danced with fun as she imagined herself telling the story at home.
"Hey!
Why, what the dickens has come to the fellow?"
said the old gentleman, as Laurie came running downstairs and brought up with a start of surprise at the astounding sight of Jo arm in arm with his redoubtable grandfather.
"I didn't know you'd come, sir," he began, as Jo gave him a triumphant little glance.
"That's evident, by the way you racket downstairs.
Come to your tea, sir, and behave like a gentleman."
And having pulled the boy's hair by way of a caress, Mr. Laurence walked on, while Laurie went through a series of comic evolutions behind their backs, which nearly produced an explosion of laughter from Jo.
The old gentleman did not say much as he drank his four cups of tea, but he watched the young people, who soon chatted away like old friends, and the change in his grandson did not escape him.
There was color, light, and life in the boy's face now, vivacity in his manner, and genuine merriment in his laugh.
"She's right, the lad is lonely.
I'll see what these little girls can do for him," thought Mr. Laurence, as he looked and listened.

The old woman, however, was a witch and said to the maiden, “There comes one out of the forest, who has a wonderful treasure in his body, we must filch it from him, my dear daughter, it is more suitable for us than for him.
He has a bird’s heart about him, by means of which a gold piece lies every morning under his pillow.” She told her what she was to do to get it, and what part she had to play, and finally threatened her, and said with angry eyes, “And if you do not attend to what I say, it will be the worse for you.” Now when the huntsman came nearer he descried the maiden, and said to himself, “I have travelled about for such a long time, I will take a rest for once, and enter that beautiful castle.
I have certainly money enough.” Nevertheless, the real reason was that he had caught sight of the pretty girl.
He entered the house, and was well received and courteously entertained.
Before long he was so much in love with the young witch that he no longer thought of anything else, and only saw things as she saw them, and did what she desired.
The old woman then said, “Now we must have the bird’s heart, he will never miss it.” She prepared a drink, and when it was ready, poured it into a cup and gave it to the maiden, who was to present it to the huntsman.
She did so, saying, “Now, my dearest, drink to me.” So he took the cup, and when he had swallowed the draught, he brought up the heart of the bird.
The girl had to take it away secretly and swallow it herself, for the old woman would have it so.
Thenceforward he found no more gold under his pillow, but it lay instead under that of the maiden, from whence the old woman fetched it away every morning; but he was so much in love and so befooled, that he thought of nothing else but of passing his time with the girl.
Then the old witch said, “We have the bird’s heart, but we must also take the wishing-cloak away from him.” The girl answered, “We will leave him that, he has lost his wealth.” The old woman was angry and said, “Such a mantle is a wonderful thing, and is seldom to be found in this world.
I must and will have it!” She gave the girl several blows, and said that if she did not obey, it should fare ill with her.
So she did the old woman’s bidding, placed herself at the window and looked on the distant country, as if she were very sorrowful.

My wedding and yours are to be on the same day; so I have arranged with him.
I have no secrets from him.
I would kill him from very fright, but he will kill me first.
He has just burst out laughing, and says that I am raving.
He knows I am writing to you.”
There was much more of this delirious wandering in the letters one of them was very long.
At last the prince came out of the dark, gloomy park, in which he had wandered about for hours just as yesterday.
The bright night seemed to him to be lighter than ever.
“It must be quite early,” he thought.
(He had forgotten his watch.)
There was a sound of distant music somewhere.
“Ah,” he thought, “the Vauxhall!
They won’t be there today, of course!”
 At this moment he noticed that he was close to their house; he had felt that he must gravitate to this spot eventually, and, with a beating heart, he mounted the verandah steps.

The other widow and her son heard of a’ that had happened frae a fairy, and the young man determined that he would also go upon his travels, and see if he could do anything to relieve his twa friends.
So his mother gave him a can to go to the well and bring home water, that she might bake him a cake for his journey.
And he gaed, and as he was bringing hame the water, a raven owre abune his head cried to him to look, and he would see that the water was running out.
And he was a young man of sense, and seeing the water running out, he took some clay and patched up the holes, so that he brought home enough water to bake a large cake.
When his mother put it to him to take the half-cake wi’ her blessing, he took it in preference to having the hale wi’ her malison; and yet the half was bigger than what the other lads had got a’thegither.
So he gaed away on his journey; and after he had traveled a far way he met wi’ an auld woman, that asked him if he would give her a bit of his bannock.
And he said he would gladly do that, and so he gave her a piece of the bannock; and for that she gied him a magical wand, that she said might yet be of service to him if he took care to use it rightly.
Then the auld woman, who was a fairy, told him a great deal that whould happen to him, and what he ought to do in a’ circumstances; and after that she vanished in an instant out o’ his sight.
He gaed on a great way farther, and then he came up to the old man herding the sheep; and when he asked whose sheep these were, the answer was:
      “The Red Etin of Ireland         Ance lived in Bellygan,       And stole King Malcolm’s daughter,         The King of fair Scotland.
He beats her, he binds her,         He lays her on a band;       And every day he dings her         With a bright silver wand.
Like Julian the Roman,       He’s one that fears no man,       But now I fear his end is near,         And destiny at hand;       And you’re to be, I plainly see,         The heir of all his land.”
(Repeat the same inquiries to the man attending the swine and the man attending the goats, with the same answer in each case.)
When he came to the place where the monstrous beasts were standing, he did not stop nor run away, but went boldly through among them.

I never thought of that.
But no, I guess he's not.
He'd have mentioned it.
He's not the sort to hush up a thing like that.
I "
He stopped short.
His green eyes gleamed excitedly.
"Marion!"
he cried.
"Marion!"
"Well, dear?"
"Listen.
Gee, this thing is going to be the biggest ever.

At your first cry these restored ones came forth from the fishes, who had eaten them; at your second call I re-formed them into human form; and at your third call they went forth with life."
Now, who was Pir Sab, and how did he possess this power?
Mahamed, when he was upon earth, sometimes took flights into Heaven.
On such occasions he generally called on anybody near at hand to assist him up, or give him a push upwards.
On one occasion he had called thrice for help without meeting with any response, when Pir Sab, a strong man, knelt before him, and with one spring from his shoulder, Mahamed reached the fourth Heavens!
In return for this kindness it was granted to Pir Sab to perform miracles.
Note.
The man who related this story to me added the following modern miracle:
"During the late Chitral expedition there was with Umra Khan's forces a remarkable man, the son of one Akhum Sab, who died some years ago.
Now Akhum Sab was a devout man, who never failed to pray every Friday, as all good Mahamedans do, with their faces turned towards Mecca, the holy city, which is four months' journey from the north of India, so that many who wish to visit it cannot.
Yet this man used to enter his room, and close the door at two o'clock daily, and come out after seven minutes (you may believe me or not); but, during those seven minutes, he went to Mecca, said his prayers in the holy Mosque there, and returned!
This he did every Friday; I have seen it with my own eyes!"
A.E.D.

“Well, there's to be another dance this evening, and perhaps she'll be there.”
But, come the evening, Cap o' Rushes said she was too tired to go with them.
Howsoever, when they were gone, she offed with her cap o' rushes and cleaned herself, and away she went to the dance.
The master's son had been reckoning on seeing her, and he danced with no one else, and never took his eyes off her.
But, before the dance was over, she slipt off, and home she went, and when the maids came back she, pretended to be asleep with her cap o' rushes on.
Next day they said to her again, “Well, Cap o' Rushes, you should ha'
been there to see the lady.
There she was again, gay and ga', and the young master he never took his eyes off her.”
“Well, there,” says she, “I should ha' liked to ha' seen her.”
“Well,” says they, “there's a dance again this evening, and you must go with us, for she's sure to be there.”
Well, come this evening, Cap o' Rushes said she was too tired to go, and do what they would she stayed at home.
But when they were gone she offed with her cap o' rushes and cleaned herself, and away she went to the dance.
The master's son was rarely glad when he saw her.
He danced with none but her and never took his eyes off her.
When she wouldn't tell him her name, nor where she came from, he gave her a ring and told her if he didn't see her again he should die.
Well, before the dance was over, off she slipped, and home she went, and when the maids came home she was pretending to be asleep with her cap o'
rushes on.
Well, next day they says to her, “There, Cap o' Rushes, you didn't come last night, and now you won't see the lady, for there's no more dances.”
“Well I should have rarely liked to have seen her,” says she.

Then another explosion is heard until the spluttering of a general fusillade rends the air ... answering the six shots fired from the top of the cliff.
Far out at sea, looming ghostlike through the fog, threading her cautious way amidst the icebergs—a three-masted auxiliary schooner appears.
On her foremast flies the Revillon Frères flag.
It is the supply ship which, once a year, calls on those desolate regions.
In northern Canada, birds migrate south as soon as the winter sets in.
The only ones who remain throughout the entire cold season are the Ravens, the little Arctic Owls and the Jays which are known from the Atlantic to the Pacific as Whiskey Jacks.
The latter can be found everywhere in the bush.
Although they shun the most northern villages and settlements, still they can not live far away from the haunts of men.
Therefore one sees them hovering around every likely spot along all the trails, either on land or by the water, in the neighborhood of lumber camps, trapping shacks, hunting caches and portages.
As soon as the traveler appears in one of those places, a small flock of Whiskey Jacks appear flitting from one tree top to another, calling, shrieking, whistling, ever on the lookout for any sign of food.
There is a superstition in the North which claims that the killing of a Whiskey Jack brings bad luck.
No one, even an Indian, would ever think of harming them.

When they were both within, the bridegroom bolted the door, looked around, and as he believed that they were quite alone, he suddenly threw off his ass’s skin, and stood there in the form of a handsome royal youth.
“Now,” said he, “thou seest who I am, and seest also that I am not unworthy of thee.” Then the bride was glad, and kissed him, and loved him dearly.
When morning came, he jumped up, put his animal’s skin on again, and no one could have guessed what kind of a form was hidden beneath it.
Soon came the old King, “Ah,” cried he, “is the little ass merry?
But surely thou art sad?” said he to his daughter, “that thou hast not got a proper man for thy husband?” “Oh, no, dear father, I love him as well as if he were the handsomest in the world, and I will keep him as long as I live.”
The King was surprised, but the servant who had concealed himself came and revealed everything to him.
The King said, “That cannot be true.”
“Then watch yourself the next night, and you will see it with your own eyes; and hark you, lord King, if you were to take his skin away and throw it in the fire, he would be forced to show himself in his true shape.” “Thy advice is good,” said the King, and at night when they were asleep, he stole in, and when he got to the bed he saw by the light of the moon a noble-looking youth lying there, and the skin lay stretched on the ground.
So he took it away, and had a great fire lighted outside, and threw the skin into it, and remained by it himself until it was all burnt to ashes.
As, however, he was anxious to know how the robbed man would behave himself, he stayed awake the whole night and watched.
When the youth had slept his sleep out, he got up by the first light of morning, and wanted to put on the ass’s skin, but it was not to be found.
On this he was alarmed, and, full of grief and anxiety, said, “Now I shall have to contrive to escape.” But when he went out, there stood the King, who said, “My son, whither away in such haste?
what hast thou in mind?
Stay here, thou art such a handsome man, thou shalt not go away from me.

Nova Scotia is that way yet, and has to go to Boston for her groceries.
The year 1692 is noted mostly for the Salem excitement regarding witchcraft.
The children of Rev.
Mr. Parris were attacked with some peculiar disease which would not yield to the soothing blisters and bleedings administered by the physicians of the old school, and so, not knowing exactly what to do about it, the doctors concluded that they were bewitched.
Then it was, of course, the duty of the courts and selectmen to hunt up the witches.
This was naturally difficult.
Fifty-five persons were tortured and twenty were hanged for being witches; which proves that the people of Salem were fully abreast of the Indians in intelligence, and that their gospel privileges had not given their charity and Christian love such a boom as they should have done.
One can hardly be found now, even in Salem, who believes in witchcraft; though the Cape Cod people, it is said, still spit on their bait.
The belief in witchcraft in those days was not confined by any means to the colonists.
Sir Matthew Hale of England, one of the most enlightened judges of the mother-country, condemned a number of people for the offence, and is now engaged in doing road-work on the streets of the New Jerusalem as a punishment for these acts done while on the woolsack.
Blackstone himself, one of the dullest authors ever read by the writer of these lines, yet a skilled jurist, with a marvellous memory regarding Justinian, said that, to deny witchcraft was to deny revelation.
"Be you a witch?"

The candidate writhed a good deal, studied the beams overhead and the chickens out of the window, and then replied, 
"It is so long since I learnt the first part of the spelling-book, that I can't justly answer that question.
But if I could just look it over, I guess I could."
Our schoolmaster entered upon his second term with new courage and invigorated authority.
Twice certified, who should dare doubt his competency?
Even Joshua was civil, and lesser louts of course obsequious; though the girls took more liberties, for they feel even at that early age, that influence is stronger than strength.
Could a young schoolmaster think of feruling a girl with her hair in ringlets and a gold ring on her finger?
Impossible and the immunity extended to all the little sisters and cousins; and there were enough large girls to protect all the feminine part of the school.
With the boys Master Horner still had many a battle, and whether with a view to this, or as an economical ruse, he never wore his coat in school, saying it was too warm.
Perhaps it was an astute attention to the prejudices of his employers, who love no man that does not earn his living by the sweat of his brow.
The shirt-sleeves gave the idea of a manual-labor school in one sense at least.
It was evident that the master worked, and that afforded a probability that the scholars worked too.
Master Horner's success was most triumphant that winter.

The gods were so hungry that they said, "Well, we will."
supper        stuck           enough           minute        claws           stones           pole          against         flew 
The supper was ready in a minute.
Then the eagle flew down to get his share.
He took the four legs and there was not much left but the ribs.
This made Loki cross for he was very hungry.
He took a long pole to hit the eagle.
But the pole stuck to the eagle's claws.
The other end stuck to Loki.
Then the eagle flew away.
He did not fly high.
He flew just high enough for Loki to hit against the stones.
please        giant           flying           tried         feathers        suit 
Loki said, "Please let me go!

Now one day, who should she see coming up to the noble's house but the Baron and his brother and his son, her husband.
She didn't know what to do; but thought they would not see her in the castle kitchen.
So she went back to her work with a sigh, and set to cleaning a huge big fish that was to be boiled for their dinner.
And, as she was cleaning it, she saw something shine inside it, and what do you think she found?
Why, there was the Baron's ring, the very one he had thrown over the cliff at Scarborough.
She was right glad to see it, you may be sure.
Then she cooked the fish as nicely as she could, and served it up.
Well, when the fish came on the table, the guests liked it so well that they asked the noble who cooked it.
He said he didn't know, but called to his servants: “Ho, there, send up the cook that cooked that fine fish.” So they went down to the kitchen and told the girl she was wanted in the hall.
Then she washed and tidied herself and put the Baron's gold ring on her thumb and went up into the hall.
When the banqueters saw such a young and beautiful cook they were surprised.
But the Baron was in a tower of a temper, and started up as if he would do her some violence.

He was a young man of spirit and resource.
His appearance, to those who did not know him, hardly suggested this.
He was very tall and thin, with a dark, solemn face.
He was a purist in the matter of clothes, and even in times of storm and stress presented an immaculate appearance to the world.
In his left eye, attached to a cord, he wore a monocle.
Through this, at the present moment, he was gazing benevolently at Mr.
Renshaw, as the latter fussed about the office in the throes of departure.
To the editor's rapid fire of advice and warning he listened with the pleased and indulgent air of a father whose infant son frisks before him.
Mr. Renshaw interested him.
To Smith's mind Mr. Renshaw, put him in any show you pleased, would alone have been worth the price of admission.
"Well," chirruped the holiday-maker he was a little man with a long neck, and he always chirruped "Well, I think that is all, Mr. Smith.
Oh, ah, yes!
The stenographer.

Then, lowering her voice a little, she said to Elinor, "She is his natural daughter."
"Indeed!"
"Oh, yes; and as like him as she can stare.
I dare say the Colonel will leave her all his fortune."
When Sir John returned, he joined most heartily in the general regret on so unfortunate an event; concluding however by observing, that as they were all got together, they must do something by way of being happy; and after some consultation it was agreed, that although happiness could only be enjoyed at Whitwell, they might procure a tolerable composure of mind by driving about the country.
The carriages were then ordered; Willoughby's was first, and Marianne never looked happier than when she got into it.
He drove through the park very fast, and they were soon out of sight; and nothing more of them was seen till their return, which did not happen till after the return of all the rest.
They both seemed delighted with their drive; but said only in general terms that they had kept in the lanes, while the others went on the downs.
It was settled that there should be a dance in the evening, and that every body should be extremely merry all day long.
Some more of the Careys came to dinner, and they had the pleasure of sitting down nearly twenty to table, which Sir John observed with great contentment.
Willoughby took his usual place between the two elder Miss Dashwoods.
Mrs. Jennings sat on Elinor's right hand; and they had not been long seated, before she leant behind her and Willoughby, and said to Marianne, loud enough for them both to hear, "I have found you out in spite of all your tricks.

"Yes, darling," she answered, as she wiped her eyes on the grass, "very dearly."
And they lived most happily together.
"He reminds me so much of the first Mr. Rattlesnake," she said to her friends.
"So strong, so firm, so quick to decide!"
And the friends said to each other, "Well, let us be thankful he is.
We have been bothered enough by her coming to us for advice which she never followed."
THE QUARRELSOME MOLE 
When the first hillock of fresh brown earth was thrown up in the edge of the Forest, the People who lived there said to each other.
"Can it be that we have a new neighbor?"
Perhaps the Rabbits, the Ground Hogs, and the Snakes cared the most, for they also made their homes in the ground; yet even the Orioles wanted to know all about it.
None of them had ever been acquainted with a Mole.
They had seen the ridges in the meadows beneath which the Moles had their runways, and they knew that when the Moles were making these long streets under ground, they had to cut an opening through the grass once in a while and throw the loose earth out.
This new mound in the forest looked exactly like those in the meadow, so they decided there must be a Mole in the neighborhood.

They were so afraid of me, and yet they were so excessively fond of me.
The professors made a professor of me; the tailors gave me new clothes I am well furnished; the master of the mint struck new coin for me, and the women said I was so handsome!
And so I became the man I am.
And I now bid you farewell.
Here is my card I live on the sunny side of the street, and am always at home in rainy weather!” And so away went the shadow.
“That was most extraordinary!” said the learned man.
Years and days passed away, then the shadow came again.
“How goes it?” said the shadow.
“Alas!” said the learned man.
“I write about the true, and the good, and the beautiful, but no one cares to hear such things; I am quite desperate, for I take it so much to heart!”
“But I don't!” said the shadow.
“I become fat, and it is that one wants to become!
You do not understand the world.

There ain't such a young man in all London.
The City can't produce his equal.
I challenge the City to do it!"
IV.
The Brothers Cheeryble 
In course of time the brothers Cheeryble, in their frequent visits to the cottage at Bow, often took with them their nephew Frank; and it also happened that Miss Madeline Bray, a ward of the brothers, was taken to the cottage to recover from a serious illness.
Nicholas, from the first time he had seen Madeline in the office of Cheeryble Brothers, had fallen in love with her; but he decided that as an honourable man no word of love must pass his lips.
While Kate Nickleby had been equally firm in declining to listen to any proposal from Frank.
It was some time after Madeline had left the cottage, and Nicholas and Kate had begun to try in good earnest to stifle their own regrets, and to live for each other and for their mother, when there came one evening, per Mr. Linkinwater, an invitation from the brothers to dinner on the next day but one.
"You may depend on it that this means something besides dinner," said Mrs. Nickleby solemnly.
When the great day arrived who should be there at the house of the brothers but Frank and Madeline.
"Young men," said brother Charles, "shake hands."
"I need no bidding to do that," said Nicholas.

Boats, boats!”
Soon all the boats but Starbuck’s were dropped; all the boat-sails set—all the paddles plying; with rippling swiftness, shooting to leeward; and Ahab heading the onset.
A pale, death-glimmer lit up Fedallah’s sunken eyes; a hideous motion gnawed his mouth.
Like noiseless nautilus shells, their light prows sped through the sea; but only slowly they neared the foe.
As they neared him, the ocean grew still more smooth; seemed drawing a carpet over its waves; seemed a noon-meadow, so serenely it spread.
At length the breathless hunter came so nigh his seemingly unsuspecting prey, that his entire dazzling hump was distinctly visible, sliding along the sea as if an isolated thing, and continually set in a revolving ring of finest, fleecy, greenish foam.
He saw the vast, involved wrinkles of the slightly projecting head beyond.
Before it, far out on the soft Turkish-rugged waters, went the glistening white shadow from his broad, milky forehead, a musical rippling playfully accompanying the shade; and behind, the blue waters interchangeably flowed over into the moving valley of his steady wake; and on either hand bright bubbles arose and danced by his side.
But these were broken again by the light toes of hundreds of gay fowl softly feathering the sea, alternate with their fitful flight; and like to some flag-staff rising from the painted hull of an argosy, the tall but shattered pole of a recent lance projected from the white whale’s back; and at intervals one of the cloud of soft-toed fowls hovering, and to and fro skimming like a canopy over the fish, silently perched and rocked on this pole, the long tail feathers streaming like pennons.
A gentle joyousness—a mighty mildness of repose in swiftness, invested the gliding whale.
Not the white bull Jupiter swimming away with ravished Europa clinging to his graceful horns; his lovely, leering eyes sideways intent upon the maid; with smooth bewitching fleetness, rippling straight for the nuptial bower in Crete; not Jove, not that great majesty Supreme!
did surpass the glorified White Whale as he so divinely swam.
On each soft side—coincident with the parted swell, that but once leaving him, then flowed so wide away—on each bright side, the whale shed off enticings.

On returning to his house, he at once sent the dog back to its old master with a letter rolled under the collar, wherein he had written about the sagacity of the beast, and begged his friend to forget the loan and to accept another five thousand rupees as a present.
When this merchant saw his dog coming back again, he thought, 'Alas!
my friend is wanting the money.
How can I pay him?
I have not had sufficient time to recover myself from my recent losses.
I will slay the dog ere he reaches the threshold, and say that another must have slain it.
Thus there will be an end of my debt.
No dog, no loan.'
Accordingly he ran out and killed the poor dog, when the letter fell out of its collar.
The merchant picked it up and read it.
How great was his grief and disappointment when he knew the facts of the case!
"Beware," continued the prince, "lest you do that which afterwards you would give your life not to have done."

Of all the child's outcries, this last shriek was the only one that reached the ears of Mother Ceres.
She had mistaken the rumbling of the chariot wheels for a peal of thunder, and imagined that a shower was coming up, and that it would assist her in making the corn grow.
But, at the sound of Proserpina's shriek, she started, and looked about in every direction, not knowing whence it came, but feeling almost certain that it was her daughter's voice.
It seemed so unaccountable, however, that the girl should have strayed over so many lands and seas (which she herself could not have traversed without the aid of her winged dragons), that the good Ceres tried to believe that it must be the child of some other parent, and not her own darling Proserpina, who had uttered this lamentable cry.
Nevertheless, it troubled her with a vast many tender fears, such as are ready to bestir themselves in every mother's heart, when she finds it necessary to go away from her dear children without leaving them under the care of some maiden aunt, or other such faithful guardian.
So she quickly left the field in which she had been so busy; and, as her work was not half done, the grain looked, next day, as if it needed both sun and rain, and as if it were blighted in the ear, and had something the matter with its roots.
The pair of dragons must have had very nimble wings; for, in less than an hour, Mother Ceres had alighted at the door of her home, and found it empty.
Knowing, however, that the child was fond of sporting on the sea-shore, she hastened thither as fast as she could, and there beheld the wet faces of the poor sea nymphs peeping over a wave.
All this while, the good creatures had been waiting on the bank of sponge, and once, every half minute or so, had popped up their four heads above water, to see if their playmate were yet coming back.
When they saw Mother Ceres, they sat down on the crest of the surf wave, and let it toss them ashore at her feet.
"Where is Proserpina?"
cried Ceres.

At last the girl confessed that they ate sweets every day, and the black cow provided the feast.
That day when the Brahmin came home his wife begged him to sell the black cow, and said she would neither sleep nor eat until this was done.
The poor boy was sad indeed when he heard this, and went at once to his favourite, where, throwing himself on the black cow's neck, he wept bitterly.
"Do not weep, my child, but get up on my back, and I will carry you to a place of safety where we can still be together."
So they escaped to a forest, and there lived in peace and security for many days.
Now, in the forest was a hole, which led to the home of the Great Snake, which, together with a bull, holds up the universe.
Into this hole the black cow poured five seers of milk daily to feed the snake.
This pleased the snake so much that he said one day: "I must go up into the world and see for myself the creature who is so good to me and who sends me such good milk to drink."
When he came he saw the black cow grazing with the boy beside her.
The cow asked no favours for herself, but when the snake asked what she would like, she said she would like her son, as she called the Brahmin's son, to be clothed in gold from head to foot, and that all his body might shine as gold.
This wish the snake readily granted, but both cow and boy afterwards regretted their request, for they feared robbers.
One day as the boy had his bath by the river, and combed his long locks of pure gold, some of his golden hair fell into the water, and was swallowed by a fish.

"It would seem so, sir."
"Well, we had better bring him in, eh?"
"Yes, sir."
So we lugged him in, and Jeeves put him to bed, and I lit a cigarette and sat down to think the thing over.
I had a kind of foreboding.
It seemed to me that I had let myself in for something pretty rocky.
Next morning, after I had sucked down a thoughtful cup of tea, I went into Motty's room to investigate.
I expected to find the fellow a wreck, but there he was, sitting up in bed, quite chirpy, reading Gingery stories.
"What ho!"
I said.
"What ho!"
said Motty.

She knows that the King is capable of having her waylaid and searched.
Two attempts of the sort have already been made.
We may take it, then, that she does not carry it about with her.”
“Where, then?”
“Her banker or her lawyer.
There is that double possibility.
But I am inclined to think neither.
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Why should she hand it over to anyone else?
She could trust her own guardianship, but she could not tell what indirect or political influence might be brought to bear upon a business man.
Besides, remember that she had resolved to use it within a few days.
It must be where she can lay her hands upon it.
It must be in her own house.”
“But it has twice been burgled.”
“Pshaw!
They did not know how to look.”
“But how will you look?”
“I will not look.”
“What then?”
“I will get her to show me.”
“But she will refuse.”
“She will not be able to.

So the man got on, and the rabbit ran off with the bride; but her husband ran after, and advised his wife to kill the rabbit.
When they got to a quiet place, and rested under a tree, she asked the rabbit to let her comb his hair; but as soon as he put his head down, she gave him a severe knock on it, which stunned him, and then ran back to her husband.
Thus ended the adventures of the rabbit.
RUPA AND BISUNTHA 
There was once a woman who had no little children of her own; every day she used to watch the sparrows building their nests, and bringing up their young, and it so happened that one day a mother bird died, leaving several young ones.
After a time a new mother bird was brought, and she was not at all good to the young fledglings.
The woman felt hurt for them, and said to her husband: "If I had children of my own, and after a time I died, would you do as the birds have done, and let my children be unkindly treated?"
But the man replied: "These are birds, and I am a man."
After some years the woman had two sons, and when they had grown to be big boys, she died.
Her husband had forgotten her conversation about the birds, and he married another wife.
One day the eldest boy was playing with a ball, when it fell into his stepmother's room.
He asked if he might fetch it; but when he went inside, she made it an occasion for all sorts of complaints against him to his father, so his father turned him out of the house, and he went away with his little brother.
As they rested that night in the forest, the younger brother lay awake and overheard a conversation between two Night Jars.

That rascal there is capable of maintaining that I have his coat on.”
“What is that?” shrieked the Jew.
“Is the coat not mine?
Have I not lent it to thee out of pure friendship, in order that thou might appear before the lord King?” When the King heard that, he said, “The Jew has assuredly deceived one or the other of us, either myself or the peasant,” and again he ordered something to be counted out to him in hard thalers.
The peasant, however, went home in the good coat, with the good money in his pocket, and said to himself, “This time I have hit it!”
8 The Wonderful Musician 
There was once a wonderful musician, who went quite alone through a forest and thought of all manner of things, and when nothing was left for him to think about, he said to himself, “Time is beginning to pass heavily with me here in the forest, I will fetch hither a good companion for myself.” Then he took his fiddle from his back, and played so that it echoed through the trees.
It was not long before a wolf came trotting through the thicket towards him.
“Ah, here is a wolf coming!
I have no desire for him!” said the musician; but the wolf came nearer and said to him, “Ah, dear musician, how beautifully thou dost play.
I should like to learn that, too.” “It is soon learnt,” the musician replied, “thou hast only to do all that I bid thee.” “Oh, musician,” said the wolf, “I will obey thee as a scholar obeys his master.” The musician bade him follow, and when they had gone part of the way together, they came to an old oak-tree which was hollow inside, and cleft in the middle.
“Look,” said the musician, “if thou wilt learn to fiddle, put thy fore paws into this crevice.” The wolf obeyed, but the musician quickly picked up a stone and with one blow wedged his two paws so fast that he was forced to stay there like a prisoner.
“Stay there until I come back again,” said the musician, and went his way.
After a while he again said to himself, “Time is beginning to pass heavily with me here in the forest, I will fetch hither another companion,” and took his fiddle and again played in the forest.
It was not long before a fox came creeping through the trees towards him.

In front of the house was a great stone trough, so she said to the child, “Take the pail, Red-Cap; I made some sausages yesterday, so carry the water in which I boiled them to the trough.” Red-Cap carried until the great trough was quite full.
Then the smell of the sausages reached the wolf, and he sniffed and peeped down, and at last stretched out his neck so far that he could no longer keep his footing and began to slip, and slipped down from the roof straight into the great trough, and was drowned.
But Red-Cap went joyously home, and never did anything to harm any one.
27 The Bremen Town-Musicians 
A certain man had a donkey, which had carried the corn-sacks to the mill indefatigably for many a long year; but his strength was going, and he was growing more and more unfit for work.
Then his master began to consider how he might best save his keep; but the donkey, seeing that no good wind was blowing, ran away and set out on the road to Bremen.
“There,” he thought, “I can surely be town-musician.” When he had walked some distance, he found a hound lying on the road, gasping like one who had run till he was tired.
“What are you gasping so for, you big fellow?” asked the donkey.
“Ah,” replied the hound, “as I am old, and daily grow weaker, and no longer can hunt, my master wanted to kill me, so I took to flight; but now how am I to earn my bread?”
“I tell you what,” said the donkey, “I am going to Bremen, and shall be town-musician there; go with me and engage yourself also as a musician.
I will play the lute, and you shall beat the kettledrum.”
The hound agreed, and on they went.
Before long they came to a cat, sitting on the path, with a face like three rainy days!
“Now then, old shaver, what has gone askew with you?”
asked the donkey.
“Who can be merry when his neck is in danger?” answered the cat.

"Shot at you, did they?"
said one of the policemen, as who should say, "Tut, tut!"
"Shot at us!"
burst out the ruffled Kid.
"What do you think's been happening?
Think an aeroplane ran into my ear and took half of it off?
Think the noise was somebody opening bottles of pop?
Think those guys that sneaked off down the road was just training for a Marathon?"
"Comrade Brady," said Smith, "touches the spot.
He "
"Say, are you Kid Brady?"
enquired one of the officers.
For the first time the constabulary had begun to display real animation.

And the next two nights the same thing happened; he had the same dream, and he felt he must go.
So he washed himself and put on his uniform, and went into the kitchen at the Palace.
It was the day after the captain and the lieutenant had set out.
"You had better go home again," said the King, "the Princesses are beyond your reach, I should say; and besides, I have spent so much money on outfits that I have nothing left to-day.
You had better come back another time."
"If I go, I must go to-day," said the soldier.
"Money I do not want; I only need a drop in my flask and some food in my wallet," he said; "but it must be a good walletful as much meat and bacon as I can carry."
Yes, that he might have if that was all he wanted.
So he set off, and he had not gone many miles before he overtook the captain and the lieutenant.
"Where are you going?"
asked the captain, when he saw the man in uniform.
"I'm going to try if I can find the Princesses," answered the soldier.

Mowgli, I will not give thee one anna of the reward, but only a very big beating.
Leave the carcass!”
“By the Bull that bought me,” said Mowgli, who was trying to get at the shoulder, “must I stay babbling to an old ape all noon?
Here, Akela, this man plagues me.”
Buldeo, who was still stooping over Shere Khan’s head, found himself sprawling on the grass, with a gray wolf standing over him, while Mowgli went on skinning as though he were alone in all India.
“Ye-es,” he said, between his teeth.
“Thou art altogether right, Buldeo.
Thou wilt never give me one anna of the reward.
There is an old war between this lame tiger and myself a very old war, and I have won.”
To do Buldeo justice, if he had been ten years younger he would have taken his chance with Akela had he met the wolf in the woods, but a wolf who obeyed the orders of this boy who had private wars with man-eating tigers was not a common animal.
It was sorcery, magic of the worst kind, thought Buldeo, and he wondered whether the amulet round his neck would protect him.
He lay as still as still, expecting every minute to see Mowgli turn into a tiger too.
“Maharaj!
Great King,” he said at last in a husky whisper.
“Yes,” said Mowgli, without turning his head, chuckling a little.

"Take this," she said, "and give it with the key to my mother; let her be alone in her room when she receives it, so that she may enjoy my gifts by herself."
Then she gave him another box full of clothes and jewels and money for himself.
After a long journey, the Brahmin arrived at his home, and said to his wife: "This box is for me, and this one for you; keep it carefully, and open it when you are alone; here is the key."
So saying he went out, shut the door, and put on the chain.
Soon the woman began to cry: "I'm bitten, I'm bitten!"
but he mistook it for "I've eaten, I've eaten!"
meaning that he should come and share the feast.
So he replied: "I've had my share, you eat what is your own share."
When he opened the door, he found her dead, so he packed up his things and returned to his daughter, and lived happily ever after.
ABUL HUSSAIN 
There was a man called Abul Hussain who was once very rich, but had been so foolish in entertaining all his friends that he lost all his money, and became very poor.
He and his old mother lived together, and sometimes, when he felt lonely, he would walk out and call in two or three men, any passing strangers whom he chanced to meet, and ask them to come in and have a talk and smoke with him.
When they left his house, he never expected to see them again.

"Too stormy for me with my cold."
"I thought it was almost well."
"It's well enough for me to go out with Laurie, but not well enough to go to the Hummels'," said Jo, laughing, but looking a little ashamed of her inconsistency.
"Why don't you go yourself?"
asked Meg.
"I have been every day, but the baby is sick, and I don't know what to do for it.
Mrs. Hummel goes away to work, and Lottchen takes care of it.
But it gets sicker and sicker, and I think you or Hannah ought to go."
Beth spoke earnestly, and Meg promised she would go tomorrow.
"Ask Hannah for some nice little mess, and take it round, Beth, the air will do you good," said Jo, adding apologetically, "I'd go but I want to finish my writing."
"My head aches and I'm tired, so I thought maybe some of you would go,"
said Beth.
"Amy will be in presently, and she will run down for us," suggested Meg.

Great as was her excitement and her desire to get away, she took precautions to cover her escape.
Seeing a string of cowries with which her child had been playing, she hastily fastened them to the feet of a kitten that was in the room, so that whenever the kitten moved the noise of the cowries jingling on the floor of the room would lead those outside to think that it was the Mahadei herself still moving about; then she sped forth to the hill in the direction of the sound of the sharati and the wailing.
When she arrived at the pyre, U Raitong had just taken his fatal leap.
She pushed her way resolutely through the dense and wailing crowd, and before any one could anticipate her action she too had leaped into the flaming furnace to die by the side of her lover.
The Siem alone of all the people in the village had withstood the fascination of the dirge.
He sat in his chamber morose and outraged, brooding on his calamity.
Just when the Mahadei was leaping into the flames a strange thing happened in the Siem's chamber the head-cloth (tapmoh) of his wife was blown in a mysterious manner so that it fell at his feet although there was not enough breeze to cause a leaf to rustle.
When the Siem saw it he said, "By this token my wife must be dead."
Still hearing sounds coming from her room, he tried to take no heed of the omen.
The foreboding, however, grew so strong that he got up to investigate, and when he opened the door of the room where the Mahadei had been imprisoned he found it empty, save for a kitten with a string of cowries fastened to its feet.
He knew instinctively whither she had gone, and in the hope of averting further scandal he hurried in her wake towards the pyre on the hill, but he was too late.
When he arrived on the scene he found only her charred remains.

She took a match and lighted it to warm her hands.
The match looked like a little candle.
Gretchen thought she was sitting by a big stove.
It was so bright.
She put the match near her feet, to warm them.
Then the light went out.
She did not think that she was by the stove any more.
*       *
          another       dishes          roast           table         cloth           ready           fork          knife           turkey 
Gretchen lighted another match.
Now she thought she could look into a room.
In this room was a table.
A white cloth and pretty dishes were on the table.
There was a roast turkey, too.

heave to!
I mean when you die, cook.
It’s an awful question.
Now what’s your answer?”
“When dis old brack man dies,” said the negro slowly, changing his whole air and demeanor, “he hisself won’t go nowhere; but some bressed angel will come and fetch him.”
“Fetch him?
How?
In a coach and four, as they fetched Elijah?
And fetch him where?”
“Up dere,” said Fleece, holding his tongs straight over his head, and keeping it there very solemnly.
“So, then, you expect to go up into our main-top, do you, cook, when you are dead?
But don’t you know the higher you climb, the colder it gets?
Main-top, eh?”
“Didn’t say dat t’all,” said Fleece, again in the sulks.
“You said up there, didn’t you?
and now look yourself, and see where your tongs are pointing.

"Oh, no," replied Mrs. Hi-Lo.
"He was almost fully grown a young stripling, I should call him."
"And was his name Charlie?"
inquired the Wizard thoughtfully.
"Yes!
Yes, it was!
Oh, tell me, Sir," implored Mrs. Hi-Lo, "do you, perchance, know my son?"
"Not personally," replied the Wizard.
"But I can assure you, Madame, that you have nothing to worry about where your son Charlie is concerned.
That friendly stork knew his business and left Charlie on the right doorstep."
The Wizard had a small radio in his apartment in the Royal Palace in the Emerald City, which he sometimes turned on and listened to with much curiosity.
But he never listened for long, as he was subject to headaches when listening to anything but good music.

I think that I must turn to you Watson, for something more solid.”
“I have very little difficulty in finding what I want,” said I, “for the facts are quite recent, and the matter struck me as remarkable.
I feared to refer them to you, however, as I knew that you had an inquiry on hand and that you disliked the intrusion of other matters.”
“Oh, you mean the little problem of the Grosvenor Square furniture van.
That is quite cleared up now—though, indeed, it was obvious from the first.
Pray give me the results of your newspaper selections.”
“Here is the first notice which I can find.
It is in the personal column of the Morning Post, and dates, as you see, some weeks back:
‘A marriage has been arranged,’ it says, ‘and will, if rumour is correct, very shortly take place, between Lord Robert St. Simon, second son of the Duke of Balmoral, and Miss Hatty Doran, the only daughter of Aloysius Doran.
Esq., of San Francisco, Cal., U.S.A.’ That is all.”
“Terse and to the point,” remarked Holmes, stretching his long, thin legs towards the fire.
“There was a paragraph amplifying this in one of the society papers of the same week.
Ah, here it is: ‘There will soon be a call for protection in the marriage  market, for the present free-trade principle appears to tell heavily against our home product.
One by one the management of the noble houses of Great Britain is passing into the hands of our fair cousins from across the Atlantic.
An important addition has been made during the last week to the list of the prizes which have been borne away by these charming invaders.
Lord St. Simon, who has shown himself for over twenty years proof against the little god’s arrows, has now definitely announced his approaching marriage with Miss Hatty Doran, the fascinating daughter of a California millionaire.
Miss Doran, whose graceful figure and striking face attracted much attention at the Westbury House festivities, is an only child, and it is currently reported that her dowry will run to considerably over the six figures, with expectancies for the future.

Somehow it touches me less, as it concerns my father, while it is his mother.
That, of course, makes a great difference.
What is a terrible disgrace to a woman, does not disgrace a man, at least not in the same way.
Perhaps public opinion is wrong in condemning one sex, and excusing the other.
Hippolyte is an extremely clever boy, but so prejudiced.
He is really a slave to his opinions.”
“Do you say he is consumptive?”
“Yes.
It really would be happier for him to die young.
If I were in his place I should certainly long for death.
He is unhappy about his brother and sisters, the children you saw.
If it were possible, if we only had a little money, we should leave our respective families, and live together in a little apartment of our own.
It is our dream.
But, do you know, when I was talking over your affair with him, he was angry, and said that anyone who did not call out a man who had given him a blow was a coward.

She found it very hard to earn enough money to maintain them both, so she was persuaded to marry again, thinking to have her own burden lightened, and to obtain more comforts for her child.
The new husband was a selfish and a somewhat brutal man; he was exceedingly jealous of his little step-daughter, because his wife paid her so much attention, and when he found that he had been accepted as a husband by Ka Likai merely for the benefit of the child, he was so mortified that he grew to hate her and determined to do her some mischief.
He became sulky in the home and refused to go out to work, but he forced his wife to go every day, and during her absence he bullied and ill-treated the child.
One day Ka Likai had to go on a long journey to carry iron ore, and this gave the cruel stepfather the opportunity he sought to carry out his evil purpose, and he killed the child.
So depraved had he become and so demoniacal was his hatred, that he determined to inflict even a worse horror upon his wife; he took portions of the body and cooked them against the mother's return, and waited in silence for her coming.
When Ka Likai reached her home in the evening, she was surprised to find her husband in a seemingly kinder mood than he had shown for a long time, having cooked her supper and set it ready for her, with unusual consideration.
She noticed the absence of the child, and immediately asked where she was, but the man's plausible answer that she had just gone out to play dispelled every misgiving, and she sat down to eat without a suspicion of evil.
After finishing her supper, she drew forward the betel-nut basket to prepare betel and pan to chew, according to custom after a meal.
It happened that one of the hands of the murdered girl had been left by the stepfather in this basket, and the mother at once saw and recognised it.
She wildly demanded the meaning of the awful discovery, whereupon the man confessed his crime, and also told her how she herself had eaten of the flesh of her own child.
The terrible and overwhelming revelation took away the mother's reason.
She rose distractedly, and, running to the edge of the precipice, threw herself into the abyss.

The false bride was rewarded for what she had done by having her head cut off.
The tower in which Maid Maleen had been imprisoned remained standing for a long time, and when the children passed by it they sang, 
“Kling, klang, gloria.
Who sits within this tower?
A King’s daughter, she sits within, A sight of her I cannot win, The wall it will not break, The stone cannot be pierced.
Little Hans, with your coat so gay, Follow me, follow me, fast as you may.”

The Lion and the Crane 

The Bodhisatta was at one time born in the region of Himavanta as a white crane; now Brahmadatta was at that time reigning in Benares.
Now it chanced that as a lion was eating meat a bone stuck in his throat.
The throat became swollen, he could not take food, his suffering was terrible.
The crane seeing him, as he was perched on a tree looking for food, asked, "What ails thee, friend?"
He told him why.
"I could free thee from that bone, friend, but dare not enter thy mouth for fear thou mightest eat me."
"Don't be afraid, friend, I'll not eat thee; only save my life."
"Very well," says he, and caused him to lie down on his left side.

"You know what I mean.
This lad seems to have chucked all the principles of a well-spent boyhood.
He has got it up his nose!"
"Yes, sir."
"Well, I shall get blamed, don't you know.
You know what my Aunt Agatha is!"
"Yes, sir."
"Very well, then."
I waited a moment, but he wouldn't unbend.
"Jeeves," I said, "haven't you any scheme up your sleeve for coping with this blighter?"
"No, sir."
And he shimmered off to his lair.

To him thou must go, and that right quickly.
If he can make a king, he can also make an emperor.
Emperor I will be, so quickly go."
He had to go, but he was quite frightened.
And as he went, he thought, "This won't end well; emperor is too shameless.
The flounder will make an end of the whole thing."
With that he came to the sea, but now he found it quite black, and heaving up from below in great waves.
It tossed to and fro, and a sharp wind blew over it, and the man trembled.
So he stood there, and said:
  "Flounder, flounder in the sea,   Prythee, hearken unto me:
  My wife, Ilsebil, will have her own way   Whatever I wish, whatever I say."
"What does she want now?"
said the flounder.
"Alas, flounder," he said, "my wife wants to be emperor."

Her father, mother, and sisters came into the room and were much struck with the last words, which they just caught as they entered “absurdity which of course meant nothing” and still more so with the emphasis with which Aglaya had spoken.
They exchanged glances questioningly, but the prince did not seem to have understood the meaning of Aglaya’s words; he was in the highest heaven of delight.
“Why do you speak so?” he murmured.
“Why do you ask my forgiveness?”
He wished to add that he was unworthy of being asked for forgiveness by her, but paused.
Perhaps he did understand Aglaya’s sentence about “absurdity which meant nothing,” and like the strange fellow that he was, rejoiced in the words.
Undoubtedly the fact that he might now come and see Aglaya as much as he pleased again was quite enough to make him perfectly happy; that he might come and speak to her, and see her, and sit by her, and walk with her who knows, but that all this was quite enough to satisfy him for the whole of his life, and that he would desire no more to the end of time?
(Lizabetha Prokofievna felt that this might be the case, and she didn’t like it; though very probably she could not have put the idea into words.)
It would be difficult to describe the animation and high spirits which distinguished the prince for the rest of the evening.
He was so happy that “it made one feel happy to look at him,” as Aglaya’s sisters expressed it afterwards.
He talked, and told stories just as he had done once before, and never since, namely on the very first morning of his acquaintance with the Epanchins, six months ago.
Since his return to Petersburg from Moscow, he had been remarkably silent, and had told Prince S. on one occasion, before everyone, that he did not think himself justified in degrading any thought by his unworthy words.
But this evening he did nearly all the talking himself, and told stories by the dozen, while he answered all questions put to him clearly, gladly, and with any amount of detail.

that's a different thing!
Women have got to do what men tell them, whether it's reasonable or not."
"No, they've not!"
said Polly.
"At least, that's only husbands and wives."
"All women are inferior animals," said Harry.
"Try ordering Mamma to do what you want, and see!"
said Polly.
"Men have got to give orders, and women have to obey," said Harry, falling back on the general principle.
"And when I get a wife, I'll take care I make her do what I tell her.
But you'll have to obey your husband when you get one."
"I won't have a husband, and then I can do as I like."

But neither awe nor rapture dawned there.
She repeated the name, inclining her head coquettishly; but it evidently meant nothing to her.
She was merely trying its sound.
"Gideon, Gideon.
I don' call to min' any sech name ez that.
Yo'-all's f'om up No'th likely."
He was beyond the reaches of fame.
"No," said Gideon, hardly knowing whether he was glad or sorry "no, I live south of heah.
What-all's yo' name?"
The girl giggled deliciously.
"Man," she said, "I shu got the mos' reediculoustest name you eveh did heah.
They call me Vashti yo' bacon's bu'nin'."

But the clearing-up of the mystery came long before the evening, and came in the form of a new and agonizing riddle.
Half an hour after the Epanchins had gone, Hippolyte arrived, so tired that, almost unconscious, he sank into a chair, and broke into such a fit of coughing that he could not stop.
He coughed till the blood came.
His eyes glittered, and two red spots on his cheeks grew brighter and brighter.
The prince murmured something to him, but Hippolyte only signed that he must be left alone for a while, and sat silent.
At last he came to himself.
“I am off,” he said, hoarsely, and with difficulty.
“Shall I see you home?” asked the prince, rising from his seat, but suddenly stopping short as he remembered Aglaya’s prohibition against leaving the house.
Hippolyte laughed.
“I don’t mean that I am going to leave your house,” he continued, still gasping and coughing.
“On the contrary, I thought it absolutely necessary to come and see you; otherwise I should not have troubled you.
I am off there, you know, and this time I believe, seriously, that I am off!

"Not half so good as yours, Mother.
Here it is, and we never can thank you enough for the patient sowing and reaping you have done," cried Jo, with the loving impetuosity which she never would outgrow.
"I hope there will be more wheat and fewer tares every year," said Amy softly.
"A large sheaf, but I know there's room in your heart for it, Marmee dear," added Meg's tender voice.
Touched to the heart, Mrs. March could only stretch out her arms, as if to gather children and grandchildren to herself, and say, with face and voice full of motherly love, gratitude, and humility...
"Oh, my girls, however long you may live, I never can wish you a greater happiness than this!"
JUST SO STORIES 

IN the sea, once upon a time, O my Best Beloved, there was a Whale, and he ate fishes.
He ate the starfish and the garfish, and the crab and the dab, and the plaice and the dace, and the skate and his mate, and the mackereel and the pickereel, and the really truly twirly-whirly eel.
All the fishes he could find in all the sea he ate with his mouth so!
Till at last there was only one small fish left in all the sea, and he was a small ‘Stute Fish, and he swam a little behind the Whale’s right ear, so as to be out of harm’s way.
Then the Whale stood up on his tail and said, ‘I’m hungry.’ And the small ‘Stute Fish said in a small ‘stute voice, ‘Noble and generous Cetacean, have you ever tasted Man?’
‘No,’ said the Whale.
‘What is it like?’
‘Nice,’ said the small ‘Stute Fish.
‘Nice but nubbly.’
‘Then fetch me some,’ said the Whale, and he made the sea froth up with his tail.

In short, I have said enough to make you guess that it was Quicksilver; and Ulysses (who knew him of old, and had learned a great deal of his wisdom from him) recognized him in a moment.
"Whither are you going in such a hurry, wise Ulysses?"
asked Quicksilver.
"Do you not know that this island is enchanted?
The wicked enchantress (whose name is Circe, the sister of King Aetes) dwells in the marble palace which you see yonder among the trees.
By her magic arts she changes every human being into the brute, beast, or fowl whom he happens most to resemble."
"That little bird, which met me at the edge of the cliff," exclaimed Ulysses; "was he a human being once?"
"Yes," answered Quicksilver.
"He was once a king, named Picus, and a pretty good sort of a king, too, only rather too proud of his purple robe, and his crown, and the golden chain about his neck; so he was forced to take the shape of a gaudy-feathered bird.
The lions, and wolves, and tigers, who will come running to meet you, in front of the palace, were formerly fierce and cruel men, resembling in their disposition the wild beasts whose forms they now rightfully wear."
"And my poor companions," said Ulysses.
"Have they undergone a similar change, through the arts of this wicked Circe?"

When they were gone, he ran again to the lime, and came up to the battle just in the very nick of time.
This day he slew the enemy's king, and then the war was over at once.
When the battle was over, the King caught sight of his handkerchief, which the strange warrior had bound round his leg, and so it wasn't hard to find him out.
So they took him with great joy between them to the palace, and the Princess, who saw him from her window, got so glad, no one can believe it.
"Here comes my own true love," she said.
Then he took the pot of ointment and rubbed himself on the leg, and after that he rubbed all the wounded, and so they all got well again in a moment.
So he got the Princess to wife; but when he went down into the stable where his horse was on the day the wedding was to be, there it stood so dull and heavy, and hung its ears down, and wouldn't eat its corn.
So when the young King for he was now a king, and had got half the kingdom spoke to him, and asked what ailed him, the Horse said:
"Now I have helped you on, and now I won't live any longer.
So just take the sword, and cut my head off."
"No, I'll do nothing of the kind," said the young King; "but you shall have all you want, and rest all your life."
"Well," said the Horse, "if you don't do as I tell you, see if I don't take your life somehow."
So the King had to do what he asked; but when he swung the sword and was to cut his head off, he was so sorry he turned away his face, for he would not see the stroke fall.

With young King Richard at their head, they rode out to meet this army, and to ask the people what they wanted.
"We want to be free, and we want our children to be free after us," said Wat Tyler.
"I promise you that you shall have your wish, if you will return quietly to your homes," said the king.
At this, the people shouted with joy, and all might have been well; but the mayor, seeing Wat Tyler raise his hand, and fearing that he was going to strike the king, drew his sword, and killed the leader of the people.
Then the joyful shouts changed to cries and growls of anger.
Arms were raised, and the crowd began to press forward.
In a minute the little band of nobles would have been attacked, but the boy-king saw the danger.
Boldly riding to meet the angry people, he put himself at their head.
"What need ye, my masters?"
cried he.
"I am your captain and your king.
Follow me."

The back of the horse came into view, the dashboard became visible, and the bodies and the spirits of the two men rapidly rose.
Now there was vigorous splashing and tugging, and then a jet black horse, shining as if he had been newly varnished, pulled a dripping wagon containing two well-soaked men upon a shelving shore.
"Oh, I am chilled to the bones!"
said Podington.
"I should think so," replied his friend; "if you have got to be wet, it is a great deal pleasanter under the water."
There was a field-road on this side of the pond which Podington well knew, and proceeding along this they came to the bridge and got into the main road.
"Now we must get home as fast as we can," cried Podington, "or we shall both take cold.
I wish I hadn't lost my whip.
Hi now!
Get along!"
Podington was now full of life and energy, his wheels were on the hard road, and he was himself again.
When he found his head was turned toward his home, the horse set off at a great rate.

For motherly eyes are quick to see any change in children's faces.
Meg had told her adventures gayly and said over and over what a charming time she had had, but something still seemed to weigh upon her spirits, and when the younger girls were gone to bed, she sat thoughtfully staring at the fire, saying little and looking worried.
As the clock struck nine and Jo proposed bed, Meg suddenly left her chair and, taking Beth's stool, leaned her elbows on her mother's knee, saying bravely...
"Marmee, I want to 'fess'."
"I thought so.
What is it, dear?"
"Shall I go away?"
asked Jo discreetly.
"Of course not.
Don't I always tell you everything?
I was ashamed to speak of it before the younger children, but I want you to know all the dreadful things I did at the Moffats'."
"We are prepared," said Mrs. March, smiling but looking a little anxious.
"I told you they dressed me up, but I didn't tell you that they powdered and squeezed and frizzled, and made me look like a fashion-plate.

When they got back to camp it was time for the evening meal.
Petersen Sahib ate alone in his tent, but he gave orders that the camp should have two sheep and some fowls, as well as a double ration of flour and rice and salt, for he knew that there would be a feast.
Big Toomai had come up hotfoot from the camp in the plains to search for his son and his elephant, and now that he had found them he looked at them as though he were afraid of them both.
And there was a feast by the blazing campfires in front of the lines of picketed elephants, and Little Toomai was the hero of it all.
And the big brown elephant catchers, the trackers and drivers and ropers, and the men who know all the secrets of breaking the wildest elephants, passed him from one to the other, and they marked his forehead with blood from the breast of a newly killed jungle-cock, to show that he was a forester, initiated and free of all the jungles.
And at last, when the flames died down, and the red light of the logs made the elephants look as though they had been dipped in blood too, Machua Appa, the head of all the drivers of all the Keddahs Machua Appa, Petersen Sahib’s other self, who had never seen a made road in forty years: Machua Appa, who was so great that he had no other name than Machua Appa, leaped to his feet, with Little Toomai held high in the air above his head, and shouted: “Listen, my brothers.
Listen, too, you my lords in the lines there, for I, Machua Appa, am speaking!
This little one shall no more be called Little Toomai, but Toomai of the Elephants, as his great-grandfather was called before him.
What never man has seen he has seen through the long night, and the favor of the elephant-folk and of the Gods of the Jungles is with him.
He shall become a great tracker.
He shall become greater than I, even I, Machua Appa!
He shall follow the new trail, and the stale trail, and the mixed trail, with a clear eye!

Having finished giving them their lessons, she was putting the French exercise-books together and thinking, as she did it, of the various things royal personages in disguise were called upon to do:  Alfred the Great, for instance, burning the cakes and getting his ears boxed by the wife of the neat-herd.
How frightened she must have been when she found out what she had done.
If Miss Minchin should find out that she Sara, whose toes were almost sticking out of her boots was a princess a real one!
The look in her eyes was exactly the look which Miss Minchin most disliked.
She would not have it; she was quite near her and was so enraged that she actually flew at her and boxed her ears exactly as the neat-herd's wife had boxed King Alfred's.
It made Sara start.
She wakened from her dream at the shock, and, catching her breath, stood still a second.
Then, not knowing she was going to do it, she broke into a little laugh.
"What are you laughing at, you bold, impudent child?"
Miss Minchin exclaimed.
It took Sara a few seconds to control herself sufficiently to remember that she was a princess.
Her cheeks were red and smarting from the blows she had received.

The king, who was entirely surrounded, walked alone on foot.
He caught sight of Athos and Aramis, and greeted them.
"Farewell, messieurs.
The day has been unfortunate, but it is not your fault, thank God!
But where is my old friend Winter?"
"Look for him with Strafford," said a voice.
Charles shuddered.
He saw a corpse at his feet.
It was Winter's.
That hour messengers were sent off in every direction over England and Europe to announce that Charles Stuart was now the prisoner of Oliver Cromwell.
D'Artagnan not only accomplished the release of the prisoners, he also joined with his friends in a bold attempt to rescue Charles from his captors.
D'Artagnan at first naturally assumed they would all four return to France as quickly as possible; but Athos declared that he could not abandon the king, and still meant to save him if it were possible.

The old fellow sighs.
I pull out a hundred roubles.
‘No, no!’ says he, ‘don’t insult me that way.’ ‘Oh, if that’s the case, give it to the village hospital,’ I say.
‘Ah,’ he says, ‘that’s quite a different matter; that’s good of you and generous.
I’ll pay it in there for you with pleasure.’ I liked that old fellow, Russian to the core, de la vraie souche.
I went home in raptures, but took another road in order to avoid Peter.
Immediately on arriving I sent up the bouquet for Anfisa to see when she awoke.
“You may imagine her ecstasy, her gratitude.
The wretched Platon, who had almost died since yesterday of the reproaches showered upon him, wept on my shoulder.
Of course poor Peter had no chance after this.
“I thought he would cut my throat at first, and went about armed ready to meet him.
But he took it differently; he fainted, and had brain fever and convulsions.

"Hearty enough for a Robin!"
exclaimed Mrs. Great Horned Owl.
"I should say we hadn't.
I don't think I have had enough for a Goldfinch, and that is pretty hard for a bird of my size.
I am so thin that my feathers feel loose."
"Have you been so hungry that you dreamed about food?"
asked the Screech Owl.
"N-no, I can't say that I have," said the Great Horned Owl, while his wife shook her head solemnly.
"Ah, that is dreadful," said the Screech Owl.
"I have done that several times.
Only yesterday, while I lay in my nest-hollow, I dreamed that I was hunting.
There was food everywhere, but just as I flew down to eat, it turned into pieces of ice.

"Don't be frightened, I guess I shan't have it badly.
I looked in Mother's book, and saw that it begins with headache, sore throat, and queer feelings like mine, so I did take some belladonna, and I feel better," said Beth, laying her cold hands on her hot forehead and trying to look well.
"If Mother was only at home!"
exclaimed Jo, seizing the book, and feeling that Washington was an immense way off.
She read a page, looked at Beth, felt her head, peeped into her throat, and then said gravely, "You've been over the baby every day for more than a week, and among the others who are going to have it, so I'm afraid you are going to have it, Beth.
I'll call Hannah, she knows all about sickness."
"Don't let Amy come.
She never had it, and I should hate to give it to her.
Can't you and Meg have it over again?"
asked Beth, anxiously.
"I guess not.
Don't care if I do.

"Nor could I wonder at it.
For, at first, before they took the alarm, I saw strange sights when I looked at them through the glasses.
If two were quarrelling about a marble or a ball, I had only to go behind a tree where I was concealed and look at them leisurely.
Then the scene changed, and no longer a green meadow with boys playing, but a spot which I did not recognize, and forms that made me shudder or smile.
It was not a big boy bullying a little one, but a young wolf with glistening teeth and a lamb cowering before him; or, it was a dog faithful and famishing or a star going slowly into eclipse or a rainbow fading or a flower blooming or a sun rising or a waning moon.
The revelations of the spectacles determined my feeling for the boys, and for all whom I saw through them.
No shyness, nor awkwardness, nor silence, could separate me from those who looked lovely as lilies to my illuminated eyes.
If I felt myself warmly drawn to any one I struggled with the fierce desire of seeing him through the spectacles.
I longed to enjoy the luxury of ignorant feeling, to love without knowing, to float like a leaf upon the eddies of life, drifted now to a sunny point, now to a solemn shade now over glittering ripples, now over gleaming calms, and not to determined ports, a trim vessel with an inexorable rudder.
"But, sometimes, mastered after long struggles, I seized my spectacles and sauntered into the little town.
Putting them to my eyes I peered into the houses and at the people who passed me.
Here sat a family at breakfast, and I stood at the window looking in.

"He'd pass on," said the girl.
The Colonel coughed slightly, and tapped his desk with his pen-holder.
"Were there any endearments er caresses er such as taking your hand er clasping your waist?"
he suggested, with a gallant yet respectful sweep of his white hand and bowing of his head; "er 
slight pressure of your fingers in the changes of a dance I mean,"
he corrected himself, with an apologetic cough "in the passing of the plate?"
"No; he was not what you'd call 'fond,'" returned the girl.
"Ah!
Adoniram K. Hotchkiss was not 'fond' in the ordinary acceptance of the word," said the Colonel, with professional gravity.
She lifted her disturbing eyes, and again absorbed his in her own.
She also said "Yes," although her eyes in their mysterious prescience of all he was thinking disclaimed the necessity of any answer at all.
He smiled vacantly.
There was a long pause.
On which she slowly disengaged her parasol from the carpet pattern and stood up.

Oh!
and she does not condescend to bargain, while I do, eh?
We shall see, we shall see!
I shall pay her out for this.”
He twisted himself about with rage, and grew paler and paler; he shook his fist.
So the pair walked along a few steps.
Gania did not stand on ceremony with the prince; he behaved just as though he were alone in his room.
He clearly counted the latter as a nonentity.
But suddenly he seemed to have an idea, and recollected himself.
“But how was it?” he asked, “how was it that you (idiot that you are),”
 he added to himself, “were so very confidential a couple of hours after your first meeting with these people?
How was that, eh?”
Up to this moment jealousy had not been one of his torments; now it suddenly gnawed at his heart.
“That is a thing I cannot undertake to explain,” replied the prince.
Gania looked at him with angry contempt.

“It isn’t the wind now,” she said in a loud whisper.
“That isn’t the wind.
It is different.
It is that crying I heard before.”
The door of her room was ajar and the sound came down the corridor, a far-off faint sound of fretful crying.
She listened for a few minutes and each minute she became more and more sure.
She felt as if she must find out what it was.
It seemed even stranger than the secret garden and the buried key.
Perhaps the fact that she was in a rebellious mood made her bold.
She put her foot out of bed and stood on the floor.
“I am going to find out what it is,” she said.
“Everybody is in bed and I don’t care about Mrs. Medlock—I don’t care!”
There was a candle by her bedside and she took it up and went softly out of the room.
The corridor looked very long and dark, but she was too excited to mind that.

One by one he took all the beasts and birds and fishes and told them what to play at.
But towards evening, when people and things grow restless and tired, there came up the Man (With his own little girl-daughter?)
Yes, with his own best beloved little girl-daughter sitting upon his shoulder, and he said, ‘What is this play, Eldest Magician?’ And the Eldest Magician said, ‘Ho, Son of Adam, this is the play of the Very Beginning; but you are too wise for this play.’ And the Man saluted and said, ‘Yes, I am too wise for this play; but see that you make all the Animals obedient to me.’
Now, while the two were talking together, Pau Amma the Crab, who was next in the game, scuttled off sideways and stepped into the sea, saying to himself, ‘I will play my play alone in the deep waters, and I will never be obedient to this son of Adam.’ Nobody saw him go away except the little girl-daughter where she leaned on the Man’s shoulder.
And the play went on till there were no more Animals left without orders; and the Eldest Magician wiped the fine dust off his hands and walked about the world to see how the Animals were playing.
He went North, Best Beloved, and he found All-the-Elephant-there-was digging with his tusks and stamping with his feet in the nice new clean earth that had been made ready for him.
‘Kun?’ said All-the-Elephant-there-was, meaning, ‘Is this right?’
‘Payah kun,’ said the Eldest Magician, meaning, ‘That is quite right’; and he breathed upon the great rocks and lumps of earth that All-the-Elephant-there-was had thrown up, and they became the great Himalayan Mountains, and you can look them out on the map.
He went East, and he found All-the-Cow there-was feeding in the field that had been made ready for her, and she licked her tongue round a whole forest at a time, and swallowed it and sat down to chew her cud.
‘Kun?’ said All-the-Cow-there-was.
‘Payah kun,’ said the Eldest Magician; and he breathed upon the bare patch where she had eaten, and upon the place where she had sat down, and one became the great Indian Desert, and the other became the Desert of Sahara, and you can look them out on the map.
He went West, and he found All-the-Beaver-there-was making a beaver-dam across the mouths of broad rivers that had been got ready for him.
‘Kun?’ said All-the-Beaver-there-was.
‘Payah kun,’ said the Eldest Magician; and he breathed upon the fallen trees and the still water, and they became the Everglades in Florida, and you may look them out on the map.

"It ought to have said 'what are,' oughtn't it, papa?"
asked the little girl.
"It certainly ought," said the papa.
"But if nothing but it's grammar had been bad, there wouldn't have been much to complain of about it."
"I don't suppose it had ever heard much good grammar from the farmer's family," suggested the boy.
"Farmers always say cowcumbers instead of cucumbers."
"Oh, do tell us about the Cowcumber, and the Bullcumber, and the little Calfcumbers, papa!"
the little girl entreated, and she clasped her hands, to show how anxious she was.
"What!
And leave off at the most exciting part of the pumpkin-glory?"
The little girl saw what a mistake she had made; the boy just gave her one look, and she cowered down into the papa's lap, and the papa went on.
"Well, they had an extra big Thanksgiving at the farmer's that day.

She has the whooping cough.
Oh, what a pity!
Does she cough much?
No, it's a whooping cough that has no cough.
You know, madame, I had two children last week?
Really?
That makes four.
Four or five, I don't know which.
When you have so many you get confused.
You have a very pretty dress on.
Oh, I have still nicer ones at home Do you go to the theatre?
Every evening.

I'd like to see her get around this with her rubbage 'bout superstition.
Go on, Tom!”
“Oh, it's all getting just as bright as day, now.
Next you said I warn't bad, only mischeevous and harum-scarum, and not any more responsible than than I think it was a colt, or something.”
“And so it was!
Well, goodness gracious!
Go on, Tom!”
“And then you began to cry.”
“So I did.
So I did.
Not the first time, neither.
And then ”
“Then Mrs. Harper she began to cry, and said Joe was just the same, and she wished she hadn't whipped him for taking cream when she'd throwed it out her own self ”
“Tom!
The sperrit was upon you!
You was a prophesying that's what you was doing!
Land alive, go on, Tom!”
“Then Sid he said he said ”
“I don't think I said anything,” said Sid.
“Yes you did, Sid,” said Mary.

Of course, of course, I know it was all so unexpected.
I admit that you, only naturally, lost your head, and and could not stop the foolish girl; that was not in your power.
I quite see so much; but you really should have understood how seriously she cared for you.
She could not bear to share you with another; and you could bring yourself to throw away and shatter such a treasure!
Oh, prince, prince!”
“Yes, yes, you are quite right again,” said the poor prince, in anguish of mind.
“I was wrong, I know.
But it was only Aglaya who looked on Nastasia Philipovna so; no one else did, you know.”
“But that’s just the worst of it all, don’t you see, that there was absolutely nothing serious about the matter in reality!” cried Evgenie, beside himself: “Excuse me, prince, but I have thought over all this; I have thought a great deal over it; I know all that had happened before; I know all that took place six months since; and I know there was nothing serious about the matter, it was but fancy, smoke, fantasy, distorted by agitation, and only the alarmed jealousy of an absolutely inexperienced girl could possibly have mistaken it for serious reality.”
Here Evgenie Pavlovitch quite let himself go, and gave the reins to his indignation.
Clearly and reasonably, and with great psychological insight, he drew a picture of the prince’s past relations with Nastasia Philipovna.
Evgenie Pavlovitch always had a ready tongue, but on this occasion his eloquence, surprised himself.
“From the very beginning,” he said, “you began with a lie; what began with a lie was bound to end with a lie; such is the law of nature.
I do not agree, in fact I am angry, when I hear you called an idiot; you are far too intelligent to deserve such an epithet; but you are so far strange as to be unlike others; that you must allow, yourself.
Now, I have come to the conclusion that the basis of all that has happened, has been first of all your innate inexperience (remark the expression ‘innate,’ prince).

are there not far more thieves than honest men in this world?
Don’t you think we may say there does not exist a single person so honest that he has never stolen anything whatever in his life?”
“What a silly idea,” said the actress.
“Of course it is not the case.
I have never stolen anything, for one.”
“H’m!
very well, Daria Alexeyevna; you have not stolen anything agreed.
But how about the prince, now look how he is blushing!”
“I think you are partially right, but you exaggerate,” said the prince, who had certainly blushed up, of a sudden, for some reason or other.
“Ferdishenko either tell us your story, or be quiet, and mind your own business.
You exhaust all patience,” cuttingly and irritably remarked Nastasia Philipovna.
“Immediately, immediately!
As for my story, gentlemen, it is too stupid and absurd to tell you.
“I assure you I am not a thief, and yet I have stolen; I cannot explain why.
It was at Semeon Ivanovitch Ishenka’s country house, one Sunday.

We must go, for the Westons come to us next week you know.
It was quite a sudden thing our coming at all, and I knew nothing of it till the carriage was coming to the door, and then Mr. Palmer asked me if I would go with him to Barton.
He is so droll!
He never tells me any thing!
I am so sorry we cannot stay longer; however we shall meet again in town very soon, I hope."
They were obliged to put an end to such an expectation.
"Not go to town!"
cried Mrs. Palmer, with a laugh, "I shall be quite disappointed if you do not.
I could get the nicest house in the world for you, next door to ours, in Hanover-square.
You must come, indeed.
I am sure I shall be very happy to chaperon you at any time till I am confined, if Mrs. Dashwood should not like to go into public."
They thanked her; but were obliged to resist all her entreaties.

Then he ran back to where the monkey was sitting and found him still busy with the funeral pyre, for he said that an old woman had been dragged out by her feet that day, and she was even now being carried to be burnt.
The tiger was filled with remorse at what he had done, and for a second time ran back to the den.
By this time both the Prince and the Princess had escaped in safety, and the monkey joined them.
They were always good to him, but he pined for the woods and the forests; yet, whenever he asked to be allowed to return, they would not allow it.
So one day he determined to make the Princess so angry that she would herself turn him out.
He awaited his opportunity, and broke all the thread as she was spinning.
The Princess threw something heavy at his head, and he feigned to fall down dead.
Great were the lamentations over the faithful monkey, and he was carried in solemn ceremony to be burnt, just as though he were a Rajah's son; but the moment they laid him upon the fire, up he jumped, and ran off.
The Princess scolded him for causing her such sorrow, but he explained that since there was no other way of getting back into the forest and regaining his liberty, he had thought this the best way.
Then they all came home, and let the monkey sport in the forest as before.
THE JACKAL AND THE GUANA 
A jackal once made itself a throne of bones near the river-side, and levied toll on all the animals that came there to drink water, making each say in turn these words:
   "Golden is your throne,     Silver is its plaster,     In your ears are golden earrings,     And you sit like a Rajah."
This praise pleased the jackal, and he was puffed up with his own importance.

I had blown out the candle; and the mere thought of Queequeg—not four feet off—sitting there in that uneasy position, stark alone in the cold and dark; this made me really wretched.
Think of it; sleeping all night in the same room with a wide awake pagan on his hams in this dreary, unaccountable Ramadan!
But somehow I dropped off at last, and knew nothing more till break of day; when, looking over the bedside, there squatted Queequeg, as if he had been screwed down to the floor.
But as soon as the first glimpse of sun entered the window, up he got, with stiff and grating joints, but with a cheerful look; limped towards me where I lay; pressed his forehead again against mine; and said his Ramadan was over.
Now, as I before hinted, I have no objection to any person’s religion, be it what it may, so long as that person does not kill or insult any other person, because that other person don’t believe it also.
But when a man’s religion becomes really frantic; when it is a positive torment to him; and, in fine, makes this earth of ours an uncomfortable inn to lodge in; then I think it high time to take that individual aside and argue the point with him.
And just so I now did with Queequeg.
“Queequeg,” said I, “get into bed now, and lie and listen to me.” I then went on, beginning with the rise and progress of the primitive religions, and coming down to the various religions of the present time, during which time I labored to show Queequeg that all these Lents, Ramadans, and prolonged ham-squattings in cold, cheerless rooms were stark nonsense; bad for the health; useless for the soul; opposed, in short, to the obvious laws of Hygiene and common sense.
I told him, too, that he being in other things such an extremely sensible and sagacious savage, it pained me, very badly pained me, to see him now so deplorably foolish about this ridiculous Ramadan of his.
Besides, argued I, fasting makes the body cave in; hence the spirit caves in; and all thoughts born of a fast must necessarily be half-starved.
This is the reason why most dyspeptic religionists cherish such melancholy notions about their hereafters.
In one word, Queequeg, said I, rather digressively; hell is an idea first born on an undigested apple-dumpling; and since then perpetuated through the hereditary dyspepsias nurtured by Ramadans.

"Nay, but I daren't go in," said the Prince; "he'll take my life."
"No!
no!"
said the Wolf; "when you get in you'll find a Princess, and she'll tell you what to do to make an end of the Giant.
Only mind and do as she bids you."
Well!
Boots went in, but, truth to say, he was very much afraid.
When he came in the Giant was away, but in one of the rooms sat the Princess, just as the Wolf had said, and so lovely a princess Boots had never yet set eyes on.
"Oh!
heaven help you!
whence have you come?"
said the Princess, as she saw him; "it will surely be your death.

It scared the children to learn that their mother could cry their mother, who was always so bright and cheerful and who always laughed away their griefs!
Mr. Waddle was scared, too.
He bent down and patted her shoulder his favourite way of soothing beast or human being.
"Now, Mary, Mary!
Don't you go back on us.
We can stand everything as long as you are all right.
Don't feel bad!
We'll pick up again.
There's time enough yet to grow turnips and fodder corn."
"But what will we fodder it to?"
wailed Mrs. Waddle.
Mr. Waddle could not answer, thinking of his splendid horses, and of his pure Jersey cows that would never answer to his call again.

He didn't care, he said, so long as she did not drip into the milk.
THE STORY.
"I aspect, Mark," said the child, "do you like better I call you Mark all the time than dwarf?
then I will.
I do really aspect you'll have to get me a clean dress to put on."
She held up her frock, and the dwarf looked at it anxiously.
It was certainly very dirty.
The front was entirely covered with mud, and matters had not been improved by her scrubbing it with leaves that she pulled off the trees as they came along.
"Dear me, Snow-white!"
said the dwarf.
"That is pretty bad, isn't it?"
"Yes," said the child; "it is too bad!

"Lord!"
said he, "for many years I have lived a quiet and solitary life, the monotony of which wearies me.
I have never permitted myself earnestly to will any thing.
But as my teacher daily repeated to me, 'He that seeketh shall find, and to him that knocketh shall be opened,' so have I now come to the resolution with might and heart to will, and the resolution of my will is nothing less than to have the Caliph's daughter for my wife."
The Vizier thought the poor man was mad, and told him to call again some other time.
Perseveringly he daily returned, and never felt disconcerted at the same often repeated answer.
One day, the Caliph called on the Vizier, as the youth was repeating his statement.
Full of astonishment the Caliph listened to the strange demand, and being in no humor for having the poor youth's head taken off, but on the contrary, being rather inclined for pleasantry, his Mightiness condescendingly said: "For the great, the wise, or the brave, to request a Princess for wife, is a moderate demand; but what are your claims?
To be the possessor of my daughter you must distinguish yourself by one of these attributes, or else by some great undertaking.
Ages ago a carbuncle of inestimable value was lost in the Tigris; he who finds it shall have the hand of my daughter."
The youth, satisfied with the promise of the Caliph, went to the shores of the Tigris.
With a small vessel he went every morning to the river, scooping out the water and throwing it on the land; and after having for hours thus employed himself, he knelt down and prayed.

"Poor Marianne!"
said her brother to Colonel Brandon, in a low voice, as soon as he could secure his attention,  "She has not such good health as her sister, she is very nervous, she has not Elinor's constitution; and one must allow that there is something very trying to a young woman who HAS BEEN a beauty in the loss of her personal attractions.
You would not think it perhaps, but Marianne WAS remarkably handsome a few months ago; quite as handsome as Elinor.
Now you see it is all gone."
CHAPTER 35 
Elinor's curiosity to see Mrs. Ferrars was satisfied.
She had found in her every thing that could tend to make a farther connection between the families undesirable.
She had seen enough of her pride, her meanness, and her determined prejudice against herself, to comprehend all the difficulties that must have perplexed the engagement, and retarded the marriage, of Edward and herself, had he been otherwise free; and she had seen almost enough to be thankful for her OWN sake, that one greater obstacle preserved her from suffering under any other of Mrs. Ferrars's creation, preserved her from all dependence upon her caprice, or any solicitude for her good opinion.
Or at least, if she did not bring herself quite to rejoice in Edward's being fettered to Lucy, she determined, that had Lucy been more amiable, she OUGHT to have rejoiced.
She wondered that Lucy's spirits could be so very much elevated by the civility of Mrs. Ferrars; that her interest and her vanity should so very much blind her as to make the attention which seemed only paid her because she was NOT ELINOR, appear a compliment to herself or to allow her to derive encouragement from a preference only given her, because her real situation was unknown.
But that it was so, had not only been declared by Lucy's eyes at the time, but was declared over again the next morning more openly, for at her particular desire, Lady Middleton set her down in Berkeley Street on the chance of seeing Elinor alone, to tell her how happy she was.
The chance proved a lucky one, for a message from Mrs. Palmer soon after she arrived, carried Mrs. Jennings away.
"My dear friend," cried Lucy, as soon as they were by themselves, "I come to talk to you of my happiness.

Well, the lad said he was ready to try.
"When you go in," the Princess went on to say, "you'll see two lions standing at the gate; but if you'll only go right in the middle between them they'll do you no harm.
Then go straight on into a little dark room, and make your bed.
Then the Troll will come to whip you; but if you take the flask which hangs on the wall, and rub yourself with the ointment that's in it, wherever his lash falls, you'll be as sound as ever.
Then grasp the sword that hangs by the side of the flask and strike the Troll dead."
Yes, he did as the Princess told him; he passed in the midst between the lions, as if he hadn't seen them, and went straight into the little room, and there he lay down to sleep.
The first night there came a Troll with three heads and three rods, and whipped the lad soundly; but he stood it till the Troll was done; then he took the flask and rubbed himself, and grasped the sword and slew the Troll.
So, when he went out next morning, the Princesses stood out of the earth up to their waists.
The next night 'twas the same story over again, only this time the Troll had six heads and six rods, and he whipped him far worse than the first; but when he went out next morning, the Princesses stood out of the earth as far as the knee.
The third night there came a Troll that had nine heads and nine rods, and he whipped and flogged the lad so long that he fainted away; then the Troll took him up and dashed him against the wall; but the shock brought down the flask, which fell on the lad, burst, and spilled the ointment all over him, and so he became as strong and sound as ever again.
Then he wasn't slow; he grasped the sword and slew the Troll; and next morning when he went out of the castle the Princesses stood before him with all their bodies out of the earth.
So he took the youngest for his Queen, and lived well and happily with her for some time.

“Is he big?” replied the Dolphin.
“Just to give you an idea of his size, let me tell you that he is larger than a five story building and that he has a mouth so big and so deep, that a whole train and engine could easily get into it.”
“Mother mine!” cried the Marionette, scared to death; and dressing himself as fast as he could, he turned to the Dolphin and said:
“Farewell, Mr.
Fish.
Pardon the bother, and many thanks for your kindness.”
This said, he took the path at so swift a gait that he seemed to fly, and at every small sound he heard, he turned in fear to see whether the Terrible Shark, five stories high and with a train in his mouth, was following him.
After walking a half hour, he came to a small country called the Land of the Busy Bees.
The streets were filled with people running to and fro about their tasks.
Everyone worked, everyone had something to do.
Even if one were to search with a lantern, not one idle man or one tramp could have been found.
“I understand,” said Pinocchio at once wearily, “this is no place for me!
I was not born for work.”
But in the meantime, he began to feel hungry, for it was twenty-four hours since he had eaten.
What was to be done?
There were only two means left to him in order to get a bite to eat.

Thus it was in the company of Prince Gregory, and with a following of half a dozen negro porters, that Tartarin set off early next morning for the Shereef Plain; but they very soon had trouble, both with the porters and with the provisions Tartarin had brought for his great journey.
The prince suggested dismissing the negroes and buying a couple of donkeys, but Tartarin could not bear the thought of donkeys, for a reason with which we are acquainted.
He readily agreed, however, to the purchase of a camel, and when he was safely helped up on its hump, he sorely wished the people of Tarascon could see him.
But his pride speedily had a fall, for he found the movement of the camel worse than that of the boat in crossing the Mediterranean.
He was afraid he might disgrace France.
Indeed, if truth must out, France was disgraced!
So, for the remainder of their expedition, which lasted nearly a month, Tartarin preferred to walk on foot and lead the camel.
One night in the desert, Tartarin was sure he heard sounds just like those he had studied at the back of the travelling menagerie at Tarascon.
He was positive they were in the neighbourhood of a lion at last.
He prepared to go forward and stalk the beast.
The prince offered to accompany him, but Tartarin resolutely refused.
He would meet the king of beasts alone!

How great an honor to have a god for one's friend!"
the boy said wistfully.
But both boys stepped back then and watched breathlessly as four war chariots, driven abreast, approached.
The horses sweated and foamed, the drivers stood up perilously, shouting and gripping the reins as the chariots tipped and crashed along the course.
Two chariots locked wheels and the drivers fell beneath the terrified, stamping steeds, but no one heeded them as the other two rolled and swayed past them, and one reached the goal heralded by a shout the crowd sent up as if from one giant throat.
"Now, the discus combat!"
the boy who had spoken before said, as a slender youth in a robe of Tyrian dyes stepped proudly into the centre of the field holding the flat, round discus in his hand.
"Hyacinthus, by my word!"
the second lad exclaimed, "but who is that beside him?"
he asked, as another youth, dark eyed, straight limbed, and with a countenance that shone like fire appeared, as if he had dropped from the clouds, and took his place beside Hyacinthus.
"It is Apollo himself in the guise of a youth!"
the awed whisper ran through the crowd.

Have I not said, old man, that neither hearse nor coffin can be thine?”
“And who are hearsed that die on the sea?”
“But I said, old man, that ere thou couldst die on this voyage, two hearses must verily be seen by thee on the sea; the first not made by mortal hands; and the visible wood of the last one must be grown in America.”
“Aye, aye!
a strange sight that, Parsee:—a hearse and its plumes floating over the ocean with the waves for the pall-bearers.
Ha!
Such a sight we shall not soon see.”
“Believe it or not, thou canst not die till it be seen, old man.”
“And what was that saying about thyself?”
“Though it come to the last, I shall still go before thee thy pilot.”
“And when thou art so gone before—if that ever befall—then ere I can follow, thou must still appear to me, to pilot me still?—Was it not so?
Well, then, did I believe all ye say, oh my pilot!
I have here two pledges that I shall yet slay Moby Dick and survive it.”
“Take another pledge, old man,” said the Parsee, as his eyes lighted up like fire-flies in the gloom—“Hemp only can kill thee.”
“The gallows, ye mean.—I am immortal then, on land and on sea,” cried Ahab, with a laugh of derision;—“Immortal on land and on sea!”
Both were silent again, as one man.
The grey dawn came on, and the slumbering crew arose from the boat’s bottom, and ere noon the dead whale was brought to the ship.
CHAPTER 118.
The Quadrant.
The season for the Line at length drew near; and every day when Ahab, coming from his cabin, cast his eyes aloft, the vigilant helmsman would ostentatiously handle his spokes, and the eager mariners quickly run to the braces, and would stand there with all their eyes centrally fixed on the nailed doubloon; impatient for the order to point the ship’s prow for the equator.
In good time the order came.
It was hard upon high noon; and Ahab, seated in the bows of his high-hoisted boat, was about taking his wonted daily observation of the sun to determine his latitude.

CHAPTER 29 
Before the house-maid had lit their fire the next day, or the sun gained any power over a cold, gloomy morning in January, Marianne, only half dressed, was kneeling against one of the window-seats for the sake of all the little light she could command from it, and writing as fast as a continual flow of tears would permit her.
In this situation, Elinor, roused from sleep by her agitation and sobs, first perceived her; and after observing her for a few moments with silent anxiety, said, in a tone of the most considerate gentleness, 
"Marianne, may I ask-?"
"No, Elinor," she replied, "ask nothing; you will soon know all."
The sort of desperate calmness with which this was said, lasted no longer than while she spoke, and was immediately followed by a return of the same excessive affliction.
It was some minutes before she could go on with her letter, and the frequent bursts of grief which still obliged her, at intervals, to withhold her pen, were proofs enough of her feeling how more than probable it was that she was writing for the last time to Willoughby.
Elinor paid her every quiet and unobtrusive attention in her power; and she would have tried to sooth and tranquilize her still more, had not Marianne entreated her, with all the eagerness of the most nervous irritability, not to speak to her for the world.
In such circumstances, it was better for both that they should not be long together; and the restless state of Marianne's mind not only prevented her from remaining in the room a moment after she was dressed, but requiring at once solitude and continual change of place, made her wander about the house till breakfast time, avoiding the sight of every body.
At breakfast she neither ate, nor attempted to eat any thing; and Elinor's attention was then all employed, not in urging her, not in pitying her, nor in appearing to regard her, but in endeavouring to engage Mrs. Jennings's notice entirely to herself.
As this was a favourite meal with Mrs. Jennings, it lasted a considerable time, and they were just setting themselves, after it, round the common working table, when a letter was delivered to Marianne, which she eagerly caught from the servant, and, turning of a death-like paleness, instantly ran out of the room.
Elinor, who saw as plainly by this, as if she had seen the direction, that it must come from Willoughby, felt immediately such a sickness at heart as made her hardly able to hold up her head, and sat in such a general tremour as made her fear it impossible to escape Mrs. Jennings's notice.
That good lady, however, saw only that Marianne had received a letter from Willoughby, which appeared to her a very good joke, and which she treated accordingly, by hoping, with a laugh, that she would find it to her liking.
Of Elinor's distress, she was too busily employed in measuring lengths of worsted for her rug, to see any thing at all; and calmly continuing her talk, as soon as Marianne disappeared, she said, 
"Upon my word, I never saw a young woman so desperately in love in my life!

“Away!
what possesses thee to this?
Make a life-buoy of the coffin, and no more.—Mr.
Stubb, Mr. Flask, come forward with me.”
“He goes off in a huff.
The whole he can endure; at the parts he baulks.
Now I don’t like this.
I make a leg for Captain Ahab, and he wears it like a gentleman; but I make a bandbox for Queequeg, and he won’t put his head into it.
Are all my pains to go for nothing with that coffin?
And now I’m ordered to make a life-buoy of it.
It’s like turning an old coat; going to bring the flesh on the other side now.
I don’t like this cobbling sort of business—I don’t like it at all; it’s undignified; it’s not my place.
Let tinkers’ brats do tinkerings; we are their betters.

One day, however, their father told them they could none of them come with him, for he meant to go a very long way into the forest, to see if he could find better wood there than nearer home.
Vainly the boys entreated him to take them with him.
"Not to-day," he said, "you would be too tired to go all the way, and would lose yourselves coming back alone.
You must help your mother to-day and play with your sisters."
They had to be content, for although Hindu children are as fond of asking questions as English boys and girls, they are very obedient to their parents and do all they are told without making any fuss about it.
Of course, they expected their father would come back the day he started for the depths of the forest, although they knew he would be late.
What then was their surprise when darkness came and there was no sign of him!
Again and again their mother went to the door to look for him, expecting every moment to see him coming along the beaten path which led to their door.
Again and again she mistook the cry of some night-bird for his voice calling to her.
She was obliged at last to go to bed with a heavy heart, fearing some wild beast had killed him and that she would never see him again.
1.
What do you think had become of Subha Datta?

But the prisoner was very ill.
Two of his ribs had been broken, and one of his lungs seriously injured, and ten days before the date fixed for his execution death set him free.
"Dear boy," he said, as I sat down by his bed on that last day.
"I thought you was late.
But I knowed you couldn't be that.
You've never deserted me, dear boy."
I pressed his hand in silence.
"And what's the best of all," he said, "you've been more comfortable along of me since I was under a dark cloud than when the sun shone.
That's best of all."
He had spoken his last words, and, holding my hand in his, passed away.
And with his death ended my expectations, for the pocket-book containing his wealth went to the Crown.
Herbert took me into his business, and I became a clerk, and afterwards went abroad to take charge of the eastern branch, and when many a year had gone round, became a partner.
It was eleven years later when I was down in the marshes again.

you once had me in your power, now I have you.” He closed the lid again, and fetched yet another log to make it really hot.
Then he wanted to see who might be sitting up in the third kettle it was actually be but a general.
“Aha, old bird, do I meet you here?
Once you had me in your power, now I have you.” And he fetched the bellows and made hell-fire blaze right under him.
So he did his work seven years in hell, did not wash, comb, or trim himself, or cut his hair or nails, or wash the water out of his eyes, and the seven years seemed so short to him that he thought he had only been half a year.
Now when the time had fully gone by, the Devil came and said, “Well Hans, what have you done?” “I poked the fire under the kettles, and I have swept all the dirt well behind the doors.”
“But you have peeped into the kettles as well; it is lucky for you that you added fresh logs to them, or else your life would have been forfeited; now that your time is up, will you go home again?” “Yes,”
said the soldier, “I should very much like to see what my father is doing at home.” The Devil said, “In order that you may receive the wages you have earned, go and fill your knapsack full of the sweepings, and take it home with you.
You must also go unwashed and uncombed, with long hair on your head and beard, and with uncut nails and dim eyes, and when you are asked whence you come, you must say, “From hell,” and when you are asked who you are, you are to say, “The Devil’s sooty brother, and my King as well.” The soldier held his peace, and did as the Devil bade him, but he was not at all satisfied with his wages.
Then as soon as he was up in the forest again, he took his knapsack from his back, to empty it, but on opening it, the sweepings had become pure gold.
“I should never have expected that,” said he, and was well pleased, and entered the town.
The landlord was standing in front of the inn, and when he saw the soldier approaching, he was terrified, because Hans looked so horrible, worse than a scare-crow.
He called to him and asked, “Whence comest thou?” “From hell.” “Who art thou?” “The Devil’s sooty brother, and my King as well.” Then the host would not let him enter, but when Hans showed him the gold, he came and unlatched the door himself.
Hans then ordered the best room and attendance, ate, and drank his fill, but neither washed nor combed himself as the Devil had bidden him, and at last lay down to sleep.

was his greeting from the witch.
"O, thou old mischief!"
shouted Ivan with anger.
"Is it the way in holy Russia to ask questions before the tired guest gets something to eat, something to drink, and some hot water to wash the dust off?"
Baba Yaga, the witch, gave the Tsarevitch plenty to eat and drink, besides hot water to wash the dust off.
Tsarevitch Ivan felt refreshed.
Soon he became talkative, and related the wonderful story of his marriage.
He told how he had lost his dear wife, and that his only desire was to find her.
"I know all about it," answered the witch.
"She is now at the palace of Kostshei the Deathless, and thou must understand that Kostshei is terrible.
He watches her day and night and no one can ever conquer him.
His death depends on a magic needle.

“I began to think,” said Mr. Lorry, pushing his brown wig back, “that I should have to pass the night at Tellson's.
We have been so full of business all day, that we have not known what to do first, or which way to turn.
There is such an uneasiness in Paris, that we have actually a run of confidence upon us!
Our customers over there, seem not to be able to confide their property to us fast enough.
There is positively a mania among some of them for sending it to England.”
“That has a bad look,” said Darnay 
“A bad look, you say, my dear Darnay?
Yes, but we don't know what reason there is in it.
People are so unreasonable!
Some of us at Tellson's are getting old, and we really can't be troubled out of the ordinary course without due occasion.”
“Still,” said Darnay, “you know how gloomy and threatening the sky is.”
“I know that, to be sure,” assented Mr. Lorry, trying to persuade himself that his sweet temper was soured, and that he grumbled, “but I am determined to be peevish after my long day's botheration.
Where is Manette?”
“Here he is,” said the Doctor, entering the dark room at the moment.
“I am quite glad you are at home; for these hurries and forebodings by which I have been surrounded all day long, have made me nervous without reason.
You are not going out, I hope?”
“No; I am going to play backgammon with you, if you like,” said the Doctor.
“I don't think I do like, if I may speak my mind.

Tellson's Bank in London, sir?”
“Yes.”
“Yes, sir.
We have oftentimes the honour to entertain your gentlemen in their travelling backwards and forwards betwixt London and Paris, sir.
A vast deal of travelling, sir, in Tellson and Company's House.”
“Yes.
We are quite a French House, as well as an English one.”
“Yes, sir.
Not much in the habit of such travelling yourself, I think, sir?”
“Not of late years.
It is fifteen years since we since I came last from France.”
“Indeed, sir?
That was before my time here, sir.
Before our people's time here, sir.
The George was in other hands at that time, sir.”
“I believe so.”
“But I would hold a pretty wager, sir, that a House like Tellson and Company was flourishing, a matter of fifty, not to speak of fifteen years ago?”
“You might treble that, and say a hundred and fifty, yet not be far from the truth.”
“Indeed, sir!”
Rounding his mouth and both his eyes, as he stepped backward from the table, the waiter shifted his napkin from his right arm to his left, dropped into a comfortable attitude, and stood surveying the guest while he ate and drank, as from an observatory or watchtower.
According to the immemorial usage of waiters in all ages.
When Mr. Lorry had finished his breakfast, he went out for a stroll on the beach.
The little narrow, crooked town of Dover hid itself away from the beach, and ran its head into the chalk cliffs, like a marine ostrich.

“Mr.
Henry Baker, I believe,” said he, rising from his armchair and greeting his visitor with the easy air of geniality which he could so readily assume.
“Pray take this chair by the fire, Mr. Baker.
It is a cold night, and I observe that your circulation is more adapted for summer than for winter.
Ah, Watson, you have just come at the right time.
Is that your hat, Mr. Baker?”
“Yes, sir, that is undoubtedly my hat.”
He was a large man with rounded shoulders, a massive head, and a broad, intelligent face, sloping down to a pointed beard of grizzled brown.
A touch of red in nose and cheeks, with a slight tremor of his extended hand, recalled Holmes’ surmise as to his habits.
His rusty black frock-coat was buttoned right up in front, with the collar turned up, and his lank wrists protruded from his sleeves without a sign of cuff or shirt.
He spoke in a slow staccato fashion, choosing his words with care, and gave the impression generally of a man of learning and letters who had had ill-usage at the hands of fortune.
“We have retained these things for some days,” said Holmes, “because we expected to see an advertisement from you giving your address.
I am at a loss to know now why you did not advertise.”
Our visitor gave a rather shamefaced laugh.
“Shillings have not been so plentiful with me as they once were,” he remarked.

You will, therefore, be the candidate for Dartford with my entire sanction and support; and I have no doubt you will be successful."
To Coningsby the idea was appalling.
To be the rival of Mr. Millbank on the hustings of Dartford!
Vanquished or victorious, equally a catastrophe.
He saw Edith canvassing for her father and against him.
Besides, to enter the House of Commons a slave and a tool of party!
Strongly anti-Whig, Coningsby distrusted the Conservative party, and looked for a new party of men who shared his youthful convictions and high political principles.
Lord Monmouth, however, brushed aside his grandson's objections.
"You are certainly still young; but I was younger by nearly two years when I first went in, and I found no difficulty.
As for your opinions, you have no business to have any other than those I uphold.
I want to see you in parliament.
I tell you what it is, Harry," Lord Monmouth concluded, very emphatically, "members of this family may think as they like, but they must act as I please.

"Yes, that's just it," replied Sam.
"If they was a pair o' patent double million magnifyin' gas microscopes of hextra power, p'raps I might be able to see through a flight o' stairs and a deal door, but bein' only eyes, you see, my wision's limited."
"Do you remember going up to Mrs. Bardell's house one night last November?
I suppose you went to have a little talk about this trial, eh, Mr.
Weller?"
said Sergeant Buzfuz, looking knowingly at the jury.
"I went up to pay the rent," said Sam; "but the ladies gets into a wery great state of admiration at the honourable conduct o' Mr. Dodson and Fogg, and said what a wery gen'rous thing it was o' them to have taken up the case on spec., and to have charged nothin' at all for costs, unless they got 'em out of Mr.
Pickwick."
At this very unexpected reply the spectators tittered, and Mr.
Sergeant Buzfuz said curtly, "Stand down, sir."
Sergeant Snubbin then addressed the jury on behalf of the defendant, and after that Mr. Justice Stareleigh summed up.
At the end of a quarter of an hour the jury brought in a verdict for the plaintiff with £750 damages.

He was much larger than a turkey.
“Then you know Geppetto also?”
“Do I know him?
He’s my father, my poor, dear father!
Has he, perhaps, spoken to you of me?
Will you take me to him?
Is he still alive?
Answer me, please!
Is he still alive?”
“I left him three days ago on the shore of a large sea.”
“What was he doing?”
“He was building a little boat with which to cross the ocean.
For the last four months, that poor man has been wandering around Europe, looking for you.
Not having found you yet, he has made up his mind to look for you in the New World, far across the ocean.”
“How far is it from here to the shore?” asked Pinocchio anxiously.
“More than fifty miles.”
“Fifty miles?
Oh, dear Pigeon, how I wish I had your wings!”
“If you want to come, I’ll take you with me.”
“How?”
“Astride my back.

"I guess there's a door on to de roof somewhere," suggested Pugsy.
"At de joint where I lives dere is."
His surmise proved correct.
At the end of the passage a ladder, nailed against the wall, ended in a large square opening, through which was visible, if not "that narrow strip of blue which prisoners call the sky," at any rate a tall brick chimney and a clothesline covered with garments that waved lazily in the breeze.
John stood beneath it, looking up.
"Well," he said, "this isn't much, but it's better than nothing.
I suppose the architect of this place was one of those fellows who don't begin to appreciate air till it's thick enough to scoop chunks out with a spoon.
It's an acquired taste, I guess, like Limburger cheese.
And now, Pugsy, old scout, you had better beat it.
There may be a rough-house here any minute now."
Pugsy looked up, indignant.
"Beat it?"

Yet it was not her simplicity that affected him solely; on the contrary, it was her apparent intelligent reading of the character of her recreant lover and of his own!
Of all the Colonel's previous "light" or "serious" loves none had ever before flattered him in that way.
And it was this, combined with the respect which he had held for their professional relations, that precluded his having a more familiar knowledge of his client, through serious questioning, or playful gallantry.
I am not sure it was not part of the charm to have a rustic femme incomprise as a client.
Nothing could exceed the respect with which he greeted her as she entered his office the next day.
He even affected not to notice that she had put on her best clothes, and he made no doubt appeared as when she had first attracted the mature yet faithless attentions of Deacon Hotchkiss at church.
A white virginal muslin was belted around her slim figure by a blue ribbon, and her Leghorn hat was drawn around her oval cheek by a bow of the same color.
She had a Southern girl's narrow feet, encased in white stockings and kid slippers, which were crossed primly before her as she sat in a chair, supporting her arm by her faithful parasol planted firmly on the floor.
A faint odor of southernwood exhaled from her, and, oddly enough, stirred the Colonel with a far-off recollection of a pine-shaded Sunday school on a Georgia hillside and of his first love, aged ten, in a short, starched frock.
Possibly it was the same recollection that revived something of the awkwardness he had felt then.
He, however, smiled vaguely and, sitting down, coughed slightly, and placed his fingertips together.
"I have had an er interview with Mr.
Hotchkiss, but I er regret to say there seems to be no prospect of er compromise."

"I called on you last night," she said, "but you were out."
"Awfully sorry!
Had a pleasant trip?"
"Extremely, thank you."
"See everything?
Niag'ra Falls, Yellowstone Park, and the jolly old Grand Canyon, and what-not?"
"I saw a great deal."
There was another slightly frappé silence.
Jeeves floated silently into the dining-room and began to lay the breakfast-table.
"I hope Wilmot was not in your way, Mr.
Wooster?"
I had been wondering when she was going to mention Motty.

Hansel did not answer, but he went on strewing his crumbs carefully until the last morsel of bread was gone.
Deeper and deeper into the wood they went, where the children had never been before.
There a great fire was kindled, and the mother said: "Stay here, children, whilst your father and I go to cut wood.
If you are tired you may sleep a while, and we will fetch you when it is time to go home."
When dinner-time came, Gretel divided her piece of bread with Hansel, because he had scattered all his share upon the road; and then they went to sleep.
The evening shadows fell, but still no one came to fetch the poor children, and it was not until midnight that they awakened.
Hansel put his arms round his sister and told her not to fear, for when the moon rose they would easily be able to see the crumbs, and so find their way home again.
So when the moon rose they set out upon their way; but alas!
there were no crumbs to be seen, for the little birds that lived in the green wood were as hungry as the children, and had eaten them all up.
"We will find the way somehow," cried cheerful little Hansel; but though they traveled all night long, and the next day too, they could not find it.
Poor little mites, how tired and hungry they were, for they had nothing to eat but the berries that grew by the roadside!
When at length the weary little feet could go no farther, the children lay down beneath a tree and slept.

Higher and higher still they flew, nearer and nearer to the stars, when suddenly the mirror shook so terribly with grinning, that it flew out of their hands and fell to the earth, where it was dashed in a hundred million and more pieces.
And now it worked much more evil than before; for some of these pieces were hardly so large as a grain of sand, and they flew about in the wide world, and when they got into people's eyes, there they stayed; and then people saw everything perverted, or only had an eye for that which was evil.
This happened because the very smallest bit had the same power which the whole mirror had possessed.
Some persons even got a splinter in their heart, and then it made one shudder, for their heart became like a lump of ice.
Some of the broken pieces were so large that they were used for windowpanes, through which one could not see one's friends.
Other pieces were put in spectacles; and that was a sad affair when people put on their glasses to see well and rightly.
Then the wicked sprite laughed till he almost choked, for all this tickled his fancy.
The fine splinters still flew about in the air: and now we shall hear what happened next.
SECOND STORY.
A Little Boy and a Little Girl 
In a large town, where there are so many houses, and so many people, that there is no roof left for everybody to have a little garden; and where, on this account, most persons are obliged to content themselves with flowers in pots; there lived two little children, who had a garden somewhat larger than a flower-pot.
They were not brother and sister; but they cared for each other as much as if they were.
Their parents lived exactly opposite.

At last spring came, and the sun sent its warmth down where the swallow lay in the underground passage.
Little Thumbelina opened the hole which the mole had made in the ceiling, and the sunshine streamed down on the swallow and the little girl.
How the swallow longed to soar away, up and up, to be lost to sight in the blue, blue sky!
"Come with me, little Thumbelina," said the swallow, "come with me to the blue skies and the green woods."
But Thumbelina remembered how kind the field-mouse had been to her when she was cold and hungry, and she would not leave her.
"Farewell!
farewell!
then, little maiden," twittered the swallow as he flew out and up, up into the sunshine.
Thumbelina loved the swallow dearly.
Her eyes were full of tears as she watched the bird disappearing till he was only a tiny speck of black.
And now sad days came to little Thumbelina.
The golden corn was once more waving in the sunshine above the house of the field-mouse, but Thumbelina must not go out lest she lose herself among the corn.

Joringel could neither speak nor move from the spot; the nightingale was gone.
At last the woman came back, and said in a hollow voice, “Greet thee, Zachiel.
If the moon shines on the cage, Zachiel, let him loose at once.” Then Joringel was freed.
He fell on his knees before the woman and begged that she would give him back his Jorinda, but she said that he should never have her again, and went away.
He called, he wept, he lamented, but all in vain, “Ah, what is to become of me?”
Joringel went away, and at last came to a strange village; there he kept sheep for a long time.
He often walked round and round the castle, but not too near to it.
At last he dreamt one night that he found a blood-red flower, in the middle of which was a beautiful large pearl; that he picked the flower and went with it to the castle, and that everything he touched with the flower was freed from enchantment; he also dreamt that by means of it he recovered his Jorinda.
In the morning, when he awoke, he began to seek over hill and dale if he could find such a flower.
He sought until the ninth day, and then, early in the morning, he found the blood-red flower.
In the middle of it there was a large dew-drop, as big as the finest pearl.
Day and night he journeyed with this flower to the castle.
When he was within a hundred paces of it he was not held fast, but walked on to the door.

Henceforth, your rays shall ever be hot and scorching, and shall burn all that they touch.
And men shall hate you, and cover their heads when you appear."
(And that is why the Sun is so hot to this day.)
Then she turned to Wind and said, "You also who forgot your mother in the midst of your selfish pleasures hear your doom.
You shall always blow in the hot dry weather, and shall parch and shrivel all living things.
And men shall detest and avoid you from this very time."
(And that is why the Wind in the hot weather is still so disagreeable.)
But to Moon she said, "Daughter, because you remembered your mother, and kept for her a share in your own enjoyment, from henceforth you shall be ever cool, and calm, and bright.
No noxious glare shall accompany your pure rays, and men shall always call you 'blessed.'"
(And that is why the moon's light is so soft, and cool, and beautiful even to this day.)
How the Wicked Sons were Duped.
A very wealthy old man, imagining that he was on the point of death, sent for his sons and divided his property among them.

"It's not a stick, it's a sword," said Robin.
"However, Darkie may be the Black Prince."
"And what's Pax to be?"
asked Dora; "for you know he will come if Darkie does, and he'll run in before everybody else too."
"Then he must be the Fool," said Robin, "and it will do very well, for the Fool comes in before the rest, and Pax can have his red coat on, and the collar with the little bells."
CHRISTMAS EVE.
Robin thought that Christmas would never come.
To the Captain and his wife it seemed to come too fast.
They had hoped it might bring reconciliation with the old man, but it seemed they had hoped in vain.
There were times now when the Captain almost regretted the old bachelor's bequest.
The familiar scenes of her old home sharpened his wife's grief.
To see her father every Sunday in church, with marks of age and infirmity upon him, but with not a look of tenderness for his only child, this tried her sorely.

Englishmen would not bear this unjust treatment for long, and soon a war began between the king and the people, who were determined to be free.
At first the king and his men were victorious everywhere, for they were all used to horses and arms, and fought so well and so bravely that the people could not stand against them.
But at last a great leader arose among the people.
This leader, who was called Oliver Cromwell, was a rough man, but he was just, good, and honest.
He saw at once that the people would never gain the victory over the brave gentlemen-soldiers of King Charles, unless they had obedient and well-trained men to fight for them.
So he chose a band of plain, hard-working men who feared God, and loved duty and right, and he spent all his money in fitting them with arms and horses, and in training them sternly, until they became the finest soldiers the world has ever known.
Cromwell called his men his "lovely company", and others called them "Ironsides", for they were strong and firm as iron, and were never beaten.
It was these brave, sober, obedient soldiers who at last defeated the king's army, and won freedom for the people of England.
The Spanish Armada
The Armada was a great fleet which the King of Spain sent to attack England, in the days of Queen Elizabeth.
There were more than a hundred ships, so large and high that they looked like towers on the sea; and they came sailing along arranged in the shape of a big half-moon.
The great English admiral, Sir Francis Drake, was playing at bowls when messengers came hurrying to tell him that the Armada was approaching.
He quietly finished his game, and then set sail to fight the Spaniards.

I shall be away all summer.”
Mrs. Medlock came so quickly that Mary thought she must have been waiting in the corridor.
“Mrs.
Medlock,” Mr. Craven said to her, “now I have seen the child I understand what Mrs. Sowerby meant.
She must be less delicate before she begins lessons.
Give her simple, healthy food.
Let her run wild in the garden.
Don’t look after her too much.
She needs liberty and fresh air and romping about.
Mrs. Sowerby is to come and see her now and then and she may sometimes go to the cottage.”
Mrs. Medlock looked pleased.
She was relieved to hear that she need not “look after” Mary too much.
She had felt her a tiresome charge and had indeed seen as little of her as she dared.
In addition to this she was fond of Martha’s mother.

Don't stand there like a stuck fool starin' at him.
He won't eat you though he's killed many a better man.
Come, have I got to do all the kissin'!"
It is of record that the Colonel bowed so courteously and so profoundly that he managed not merely to evade the proffered hand of the shy Hiram, but to only lightly touch the franker and more impulsive fingertips of the gentle Zaidee.
"I er offer my sincerest congratulations though I think you er overestimate my er powers of penetration.
Unfortunately, a pressing engagement, which may oblige me also to leave town to-night, forbids my saying more.
I have er left the er business settlement of this er case in the hands of the lawyers who do my office-work, and who will show you every attention.
And now let me wish you a very good afternoon."
Nevertheless, the Colonel returned to his private room, and it was nearly twilight when the faithful Jim entered, to find him sitting meditatively before his desk.
"'Fo' God!
Kernel I hope dey ain't nuffin de matter, but you's lookin' mightly solemn!
I ain't seen you look dat way, Kernel, since de day pooh Marse Stryker was fetched home shot froo de head."

"Actually married?"
"Very much so, thank you."
"Mercy on us.
What dreadful thing will you do next?"
and Jo fell into her seat with a gasp.
"A characteristic, but not exactly complimentary, congratulation,"
returned Laurie, still in an abject attitude, but beaming with satisfaction.
"What can you expect, when you take one's breath away, creeping in like a burglar, and letting cats out of bags like that?
Get up, you ridiculous boy, and tell me all about it."
"Not a word, unless you let me come in my old place, and promise not to barricade."
Jo laughed at that as she had not done for many a long day, and patted the sofa invitingly, as she said in a cordial tone, "The old pillow is up garret, and we don't need it now.
So, come and 'fess, Teddy."
"How good it sounds to hear you say 'Teddy'!

cried Barnaby, "I'm not frightened, Hugh.
I'm quite happy.
Look at me!
Am I afraid to die?
Will they see me tremble?"
"I'd say this," said Hugh, wringing Barnaby by the hand, and looking round at the officers and functionaries gathered in the yard, "that if I had ten lives to lose I'd lay them all down to save this one.
This one that will be lost through mine!"
"Not through you," said Barnaby mildly.
"Don't say that.
You were not to blame.
You have always been very good to me.
Hugh, we shall know what makes the stars shine now!"

"Don't be sorry, I won't let it hurt me.
I'll forget all the bad and remember only the good, for I did enjoy a great deal, and thank you very much for letting me go.
I'll not be sentimental or dissatisfied, Mother.
I know I'm a silly little girl, and I'll stay with you till I'm fit to take care of myself.
But it is nice to be praised and admired, and I can't help saying I like it," said Meg, looking half ashamed of the confession.
"That is perfectly natural, and quite harmless, if the liking does not become a passion and lead one to do foolish or unmaidenly things.
Learn to know and value the praise which is worth having, and to excite the admiration of excellent people by being modest as well as pretty, Meg."
Margaret sat thinking a moment, while Jo stood with her hands behind her, looking both interested and a little perplexed, for it was a new thing to see Meg blushing and talking about admiration, lovers, and things of that sort.
And Jo felt as if during that fortnight her sister had grown up amazingly, and was drifting away from her into a world where she could not follow.
"Mother, do you have 'plans', as Mrs. Moffat said?"
asked Meg bashfully.
"Yes, my dear, I have a great many, all mothers do, but mine differ somewhat from Mrs. Moffat's, I suspect.

In a genuine film like ours, where one must take “close ups” of wild animals, the difficulty lies not only in approaching them sufficiently near so as not to have to use telescopic lens, but also in keeping the animals more or less on the same spot in front of the camera.
Consequently, after studying the matter carefully, we concluded that the only way we could film the white bear hunt was to find in the early spring a “she” bear with cubs in her den.
The idea was that the bear would refuse to leave her young, would make a stand right away and give battle on the spot, thereby allowing the cameraman to crank away to his heart’s content.
We sent, accordingly, a few Eskimos to scour the country.
After a few weeks they reported having found a bear asleep in a snow bank under a cliff on the seashore, about seventy-five miles north from where we were.
We were certain that the animal was a “she” bear, as the males do not hibernate but roam all winter on the ice far out to sea.
We made the trip at once with six Eskimos, three sleighs and twenty-two dogs, and built our Igloos two miles away from where the bear had been found.
Then we went out on foot to reconnoiter.
We found the bear’s den easily.
A large yellow spot on the snow, from which rose a slight vapor coming from the animal’s breath, plainly showed that someone was at home.
We carefully chose the best spot to place our one and only camera and rehearsed the whole scene.
One Eskimo was to climb above the den and rouse the bear with a long pole.

"As early as ever you like," he roared.
"At about ten, then.
Good-night, Mr.
Maude."
John had reached the bay at half-past eight, and had been on guard there ever since.
It was now past ten, but still there were no signs of Betty.
His depression increased.
He told himself that she had forgotten.
Then, that she had remembered, but had changed her mind.
Then, that she had never meant to come at all.
He could not decide which of the three theories was the most distressing.
His mood became morbidly introspective.

The smallness of the company made it necessary for the two principal actors to take several parts apiece, and they certainly deserved some credit for the hard work they did in learning three or four different parts, whisking in and out of various costumes, and managing the stage besides.
It was excellent drill for their memories, a harmless amusement, and employed many hours which otherwise would have been idle, lonely, or spent in less profitable society.
On Christmas night, a dozen girls piled onto the bed which was the dress circle, and sat before the blue and yellow chintz curtains in a most flattering state of expectancy.
There was a good deal of rustling and whispering behind the curtain, a trifle of lamp smoke, and an occasional giggle from Amy, who was apt to get hysterical in the excitement of the moment.
Presently a bell sounded, the curtains flew apart, and the operatic tragedy began.
"A gloomy wood," according to the one playbill, was represented by a few shrubs in pots, green baize on the floor, and a cave in the distance.
This cave was made with a clothes horse for a roof, bureaus for walls, and in it was a small furnace in full blast, with a black pot on it and an old witch bending over it.
The stage was dark and the glow of the furnace had a fine effect, especially as real steam issued from the kettle when the witch took off the cover.
A moment was allowed for the first thrill to subside, then Hugo, the villain, stalked in with a clanking sword at his side, a slouching hat, black beard, mysterious cloak, and the boots.
After pacing to and fro in much agitation, he struck his forehead, and burst out in a wild strain, singing of his hatred for Roderigo, his love for Zara, and his pleasing resolution to kill the one and win the other.
The gruff tones of Hugo's voice, with an occasional shout when his feelings overcame him, were very impressive, and the audience applauded the moment he paused for breath.
Bowing with the air of one accustomed to public praise, he stole to the cavern and ordered Hagar to come forth with a commanding, "What ho, minion!

"Is it anything to do with the row that has been going on?"
said Lavinia, eagerly.
"There has been such a row in Miss Minchin's room, Miss Amelia has had something like hysterics and has had to go to bed."
Ermengarde answered them slowly as if she were half stunned.
"I have just had this letter from Sara," she said, holding it out to let them see what a long letter it was.
"From Sara!"
Every voice joined in that exclamation.
"Where is she?"
almost shrieked Jessie.
"Next door," said Ermengarde, "with the Indian gentleman."
"Where?
Where?

Then the peasants were astonished, and said, “Peasant, from whence comest thou?
Hast thou come out of the water?” “Yes, truly,” replied the peasant, “I sank deep, deep down, until at last I got to the bottom; I pushed the bottom out of the barrel, and crept out, and there were pretty meadows on which a number of lambs were feeding, and from thence I brought this flock away with me.” Said the peasants, “Are there any more there?” “Oh, yes,” said he, “more than I could do anything with.” Then the peasants made up their minds that they too would fetch some sheep for themselves, a flock apiece, but the Mayor said, “I come first.” So they went to the water together, and just then there were some of the small fleecy clouds in the blue sky, which are called little lambs, and they were reflected in the water, whereupon the peasants cried, “We already see the sheep down below!” The Mayor pressed forward and said, “I will go down first, and look about me, and if things promise well I’ll call you.” So he jumped in; splash!
went the water; he made a sound as if he were calling them, and the whole crowd plunged in after him as one man.
Then the entire village was dead, and the small peasant, as sole heir, became a rich man.
62 The Queen Bee 
Two kings’ sons once went out in search of adventures, and fell into a wild, disorderly way of living, so that they never came home again.
The youngest, who was called Simpleton, set out to seek his brothers, but when at length he found them they mocked him for thinking that he with his simplicity could get through the world, when they two could not make their way, and yet were so much cleverer.
They all three travelled away together, and came to an ant-hill.
The two elder wanted to destroy it, to see the little ants creeping about in their terror, and carrying their eggs away, but Simpleton said, “Leave the creatures in peace; I will not allow you to disturb them.” Then they went onwards and came to a lake, on which a great number of ducks were swimming.
The two brothers wanted to catch a couple and roast them, but Simpleton would not permit it, and said, “Leave the creatures in peace, I will not suffer you to kill them.” At length they came to a bee’s nest, in which there was so much honey that it ran out of the trunk of the tree where it was.
The two wanted to make a fire beneath the tree, and suffocate the bees in order to take away the honey, but Simpleton again stopped them and said, “Leave the creatures in peace, I will not allow you to burn them.” At length the three brothers arrived at a castle where stone horses were standing in the stables, and no human being was to be seen, and they went through all the halls until, quite at the end, they came to a door in which were three locks.
In the middle of the door, however, there was a little pane, through which they could see into the room.
There they saw a little grey man, who was sitting at a table.

Beat it."
He jerked his shoulder in the direction of the door.
The delegation then withdrew.
"Thanks," said John.
"I'm much obliged to you both.
You're certainly there with the goods as fighting editors.
I don't know what I should have done without you."
"Aw, Chee!"
said Mr. Jarvis, handsomely dismissing the matter.
Long Otto kicked the leg of a table, and grunted.
Pugsy Maloney's report on the following morning was entirely satisfactory.
Rents were collected in Broster Street on Thursdays.

Then came the black dwarf and said to the old man, “Hast thou brought with thee that which thou hast promised me?” He was silent, but the son asked, “What dost thou want here?” Then said the black dwarf, “I have to speak with thy father, and not with thee.” The son replied, “Thou hast betrayed and misled my father, give back the writing.” “No,”
said the black dwarf, “I will not give up my rights.” They spoke together for a long time after this, but at last they agreed that the son, as he did not belong to the enemy of mankind, nor yet to his father, should seat himself in a small boat, which should lie on water which was flowing away from them, and that the father should push it off with his own foot, and then the son should remain given up to the water.
So he took leave of his father, placed himself in a little boat, and the father had to push it off with his own foot.
The boat capsized so that the keel was uppermost, and the father believed his son was lost, and went home and mourned for him.
The boat, however, did not sink, but floated quietly away, and the boy sat safely inside it, and it floated thus for a long time, until at last it stopped by an unknown shore.
Then he landed and saw a beautiful castle before him, and set out to go to it.
But when he entered it, he found that it was bewitched.
He went through every room, but all were empty until he reached the last, where a snake lay coiled in a ring.
The snake, however, was an enchanted maiden, who rejoiced to see him, and said, “Hast thou come, oh, my deliverer?
I have already waited twelve years for thee; this kingdom is bewitched, and thou must set it free.” “How can I do that?” he inquired.
“To-night come twelve black men, covered with chains who will ask what thou art doing here; keep silent; give them no answer, and let them do what they will with thee; they will torment thee, beat thee, stab thee; let everything pass, only do not speak; at twelve o’clock, they must go away again.
On the second night twelve others will come; on the third, four-and-twenty, who will cut off thy head, but at twelve o’clock their power will be over, and then if thou hast endured all, and hast not spoken the slightest word, I shall be released.
I will come to thee, and will have, in a bottle, some of the water of life.

queried the man up top.
'No,' replied our hero, 'just general invective.'
Such is your case, my son.
You have a genius for general invective.
You are the man Peaceful Moments has been waiting for."
"If you think so "
"I do think so.
Let us consider it settled.
And now, tell me, what do you think of our little journal?"
"Well aren't you asking for trouble?
Isn't the proprietor ?"
Smith waved his hand airily.
"Dismiss him from your mind," he said.

"I should like it very much," she said.
John made his big effort.
He attacked the nuts and sawdust which had come back and settled down again in company with a large lump of some unidentified material, as if he were bucking center.
They broke before him as, long ago, the Yale line had done, and his voice rang out as if through a megaphone, to the unconcealed disgust of the neighboring gamesters.
"If you go along the path at the foot of the hill," he bellowed rapidly, "and follow it down to the sea, you get a little bay full of red sandstone rocks you can't miss it and there's a fine view of the island from there.
I'd like awfully well to show that to you.
It's great."
She nodded.
"Then shall we meet there?"
she said.
"When?"
John was in no mood to postpone the event.

They went inside, following the sound of the hammer.
In the very depths of the mountain they saw a sight that had never been seen on earth before.
There was a dark smithy in the heart of the burning mountain with a forge fire in which the power of the volcano burned, a great forge upon which Vulcan was shaping metal into things of dazzling beauty, and all about the smithy were the materials for making more; white steel, glowing copper, shining silver, and burnished brass and gold.
A strange company of apprentices, the Cyclopes, served Vulcan here.
They had once been shepherds, but their peaceful occupation had been taken away from them because they had neglected to pay tribute to Apollo.
Each had but a single eye, placed in the middle of the forehead, but they were using their great strength in the smithy of Vulcan to forge thunderbolts for Jupiter, to make a trident for Neptune and a quiver of arrows for Apollo.
Beside Vulcan stood two wonderful hand-maidens of gold, who, like living creatures, moved about and helped the lame smith as he worked.
Vulcan, the despised of the gods, had chained fire and conquered the metals of the earth that he might make gifts for the gods and for the heroes.
Wonderful objects appeared at the doorway of Vulcan's shop and were carried to Mount Olympus.
He shaped golden shoes, wearing which, the celestials were able to walk upon land or sea, and travel faster than thought flies.
He made gold chairs and tables which could move without hands in and out of the halls of the gods.
The celestial steeds were brought to Vulcan at Lemnos and he shod them so cleverly with brass that they were able to whirl the chariots of the gods through the air or on the waters with all the speed of the wind.

Then the cock from the neighboring yard stuck his head in and crowed with steam-engine power.
"You'll kill me with your crowing," she cried.
"It's all your fault.
He's lost his life, and I'm very near losing mine."
"There's not much of him lying there," observed the cock.
"Speak of him with respect," said the Portuguese duck, "for he had manners and education, and he could sing.
He was affectionate and gentle, and those are as rare qualities in animals as in those who call themselves human beings."
Then all the ducks came crowding round the little dead bird.
Ducks have strong passions, whether they feel envy or pity.
There was nothing to envy here, so they all showed a great deal of pity.
So also did the two Chinese.
"We shall never again have such a singing bird among us; he was almost a Chinese," they whispered, and then they wept with such a noisy, clucking sound that all the other fowls clucked too.

Open the blinds.”
It was done.
“Well?”
“Monseigneur, it is nothing.
The trees and the night are all that are here.”
The servant who spoke, had thrown the blinds wide, had looked out into the vacant darkness, and stood with that blank behind him, looking round for instructions.
“Good,” said the imperturbable master.
“Close them again.”
That was done too, and the Marquis went on with his supper.
He was half way through it, when he again stopped with his glass in his hand, hearing the sound of wheels.
It came on briskly, and came up to the front of the chateau.
“Ask who is arrived.”
It was the nephew of Monseigneur.
He had been some few leagues behind Monseigneur, early in the afternoon.
He had diminished the distance rapidly, but not so rapidly as to come up with Monseigneur on the road.
He had heard of Monseigneur, at the posting-houses, as being before him.
He was to be told (said Monseigneur) that supper awaited him then and there, and that he was prayed to come to it.

The winter passed; the sun came out again; Timmy Willie sat by his burrow warming his little fur coat and sniffing the smell of violets and spring grass.
He had nearly forgotten his visit to town.
When up the sandy path all spick and span with a brown leather bag came Johnny Town-mouse!
Timmy Willie received him with open arms.
"You have come at the best of all the year, we will have herb pudding and sit in the sun."
"H'm'm!
it is a little damp," said Johnny Town-mouse, who was carrying his tail under his arm, out of the mud.
"What is that fearful noise?"
he started violently.
"That?"
said Timmy Willie, "that is only a cow; I will beg a little milk, they are quite harmless, unless they happen to lie down upon you.
How are all our friends?"

But, perhaps you expect to get into heaven by crawling through the lubber’s hole, cook; but, no, no, cook, you don’t get there, except you go the regular way, round by the rigging.
It’s a ticklish business, but must be done, or else it’s no go.
But none of us are in heaven yet.
Drop your tongs, cook, and hear my orders.
Do ye hear?
Hold your hat in one hand, and clap t’other a’top of your heart, when I’m giving my orders, cook.
What!
that your heart, there?—that’s your gizzard!
Aloft!
aloft!—that’s it—now you have it.
Hold it there now, and pay attention.”
“All ’dention,” said the old black, with both hands placed as desired, vainly wriggling his grizzled head, as if to get both ears in front at one and the same time.
“Well then, cook, you see this whale-steak of yours was so very bad, that I have put it out of sight as soon as possible; you see that, don’t you?

His tone was properly beseeching, but stealing a shy look at him, Meg saw that his eyes were merry as well as tender, and that he wore the satisfied smile of one who had no doubt of his success.
This nettled her.
Annie Moffat's foolish lessons in coquetry came into her mind, and the love of power, which sleeps in the bosoms of the best of little women, woke up all of a sudden and took possession of her.
She felt excited and strange, and not knowing what else to do, followed a capricious impulse, and, withdrawing her hands, said petulantly, "I don't choose.
Please go away and let me be!"
Poor Mr. Brooke looked as if his lovely castle in the air was tumbling about his ears, for he had never seen Meg in such a mood before, and it rather bewildered him.
"Do you really mean that?"
he asked anxiously, following her as she walked away.
"Yes, I do.
I don't want to be worried about such things.
Father says I needn't, it's too soon and I'd rather not."
"Mayn't I hope you'll change your mind by-and-by?

So the prophecy of Laocoon and of the sad Cassandra was proved true, for there was not a Trojan on guard.
King Priam and his noblest warriors were killed, Cassandra was taken captive, and the city was set on fire with torches and burned to the ground.
Then the Greeks set sail for their own country which they had not seen for so many years, and they took the beautiful Helen with them, awakened at last from the spell which Venus had cast upon her, and sorrowing for all the suffering she had caused.
But the glory of the old Trojan days was gone forever.
Men search to-day the ruins of ancient Troy that lie hidden like bright jewels in the depths of the ancient mountains.
There is little left but the memory of the apple of Discord that caused the destruction of the city and the heroes and the citadel of Troy's old power.
THE CYCLOPS.
The hero Ulysses was about to sail home to Greece, after the great city of Troy had been taken, having wandered farthest and suffered most of all in the long Trojan war.
He was well-nigh the last to sail, for he had tarried many days to do homage to Agamemnon, lord of all the Greeks.
Twelve ships he had with him, twelve that he had brought to Troy, and in each there were some fifty men, being scarce half of those that had sailed with them in the old days, so many valiant heroes slept the last sleep on the plain and on the seashore, slain in battle or by the shafts of Apollo.
So first Ulysses sailed to the Thracian coast where he and his men filled their ships with foodstuffs and oxen and jars of fragrant juices of the grape.
Scarcely had he set out again when the wind began to blow fiercely, and seeing a smooth sandy beach, they drove the ships to shore, dragged them out of reach of the waves, and waited there until the storm should abate.

What do you do to get like that, Jeeves?
I believe you must eat a lot of fish, or something.
Do you eat a lot of fish, Jeeves?"
"No, sir."
"Oh, well, then, it's just a gift, I take it; and if you aren't born that way there's no use worrying."
"Precisely, sir," said Jeeves.
"If I might make the suggestion, sir, I should not continue to wear your present tie.
The green shade gives you a slightly bilious air.
I should strongly advocate the blue with the red domino pattern instead, sir."
"All right, Jeeves."
I said humbly.
"You know!"

asked the old warrior.
The children said they saw them, and he continued:
"Some day I will tell you a story about them, and how they drew the arrows of our enemies, but to-night I am going to tell you of the great fire-leggings.
"It was long before there were men and women on the world, but my grandfather told me what I shall now tell you.
"The gray light that hides the night-stars was creeping through the forests, and the wind the Sun sends to warn the people of his coming was among the fir tops.
Flowers, on slender stems, bent their heads out of respect for the herald-wind's Master, and from the dead top of a pine-tree the Yellowhammer beat upon his drum and called 'the Sun is awake all hail the Sun!'
"Then the bush-birds began to sing the song of the morning, and from alders the Robins joined, until all live things were awakened by the great music.
Where the tall ferns grew, the Doe waked her Fawns, and taught them to do homage to the Great Light.
In the creeks, where the water was still and clear, and where throughout the day, like a delicate damaskeen, the shadows of leaves that overhang would lie, the Speckled Trout broke the surface of the pool in his gladness of the coming day.
Pine-squirrels chattered gayly, and loudly proclaimed what the wind had told; and all the shadows were preparing for a great journey to the Sand Hills, where the ghost-people dwell.
"Under a great spruce-tree where the ground was soft and dry, OLD-man slept.
The joy that thrilled creation disturbed him not, although the Sun was near.
The bird-people looked at the sleeper in wonder, but the Pine squirrel climbed the great spruce-tree with a pine-cone in his mouth.

One Christmas time, a certain hot-tempered gentleman came to visit the Skratdjs.
A tall, sandy, energetic young man, who carried his own bag from the railway.
The bag had been crammed rather than packed, after the wont of bachelors; and you could see where the heel of a boot distended the leather, and where the bottle of shaving-cream lay.
As he came up to the house, out came Snap as usual "Yap!
yap!
yap!"
Now the gentleman was very fond of dogs, and had borne this greeting some dozen of times from Snap, who for his part knew the visitor quite as well as the washerwoman, and rather better than the butcher's boy.
The gentleman had good, sensible, well-behaved dogs of his own, and was greatly disgusted with Snap's conduct.
Nevertheless he spoke friendly to him; and Snap, who had had many a bit from his plate, could not help stopping for a minute to lick his hand.
But no sooner did the gentleman proceed on his way, than Snap flew at his heels in the usual fashion 
     "Yap!
Yap!
Yap!"

He was not shaven.
He had on no spectacles.
He was dressed in a green baize roundabout and faded blue overalls, worn sadly at the knee.
But I saw at once that he was of my height, five feet four and a half.
He had black hair, worn off by his hat.
So have and have not I.
He stooped in walking.
So do I.
His hands were large, and mine.
And choicest gift of Fate in all he had, not "a strawberry-mark on his left arm," but a cut from a juvenile brickbat over his right eye, slightly affecting the play of that eyebrow.
Reader, so have I!
My fate was sealed!

Take me, for example.
Just because I would not listen to that bothersome Cricket, who knows how many misfortunes may be awaiting me!
Assassins indeed!
At least I have never believed in them, nor ever will.
To speak sensibly, I think assassins have been invented by fathers and mothers to frighten children who want to run away at night.
And then, even if I were to meet them on the road, what matter?
I’ll just run up to them, and say, ‘Well, signori, what do you want?
Remember that you can’t fool with me!
Run along and mind your business.’ At such a speech, I can almost see those poor fellows running like the wind.
But in case they don’t run away, I can always run myself.
.
.”
Pinocchio was not given time to argue any longer, for he thought he heard a slight rustle among the leaves behind him.

They were running downstairs as mamma spoke, and Effie called out breathlessly, 
"It won't be a surprise; for I know you are going to ask some poor children here, and have a tree or something.
It won't be like my dream; for they had ever so many trees, and more children than we can find anywhere."
"There will be no tree, no party, no dinner, in this house at all, and no presents for you.
Won't that be a surprise?"
And mamma laughed at Effie's bewildered face.
"Do it.
I shall like it, I think; and I won't ask any questions, so it will all burst upon me when the time comes," she said; and she ate her breakfast thoughtfully, for this really would be a new sort of Christmas.
All that morning Effie trotted after Nursey in and out of shops, buying dozens of barking dogs, woolly lambs, and squeaking birds; tiny tea-sets, gay picture-books, mittens and hoods, dolls and candy.
Parcel after parcel was sent home; but when Effie returned she saw no trace of them, though she peeped everywhere.
Nursey chuckled, but wouldn't give a hint, and went out again in the afternoon with a long list of more things to buy; while Effie wandered forlornly about the house, missing the usual merry stir that went before the Christmas dinner and the evening fun.
As for mamma, she was quite invisible all day, and came in at night so tired that she could only lie on the sofa to rest, smiling as if some very pleasant thought made her happy in spite of weariness.
"Is the surprise going on all right?"

It was my coil of hair.
“I took it up and examined it.
It was of the same peculiar tint, and the same thickness.
But then the impossibility of the thing obtruded itself upon me.
How could my hair have been locked in the drawer?
With trembling hands I undid my trunk, turned out the contents, and drew from the bottom my own hair.
I laid the two tresses together, and I assure you that they were identical.
Was it not extraordinary?
Puzzle as I would, I could make nothing at all of what it meant.
I returned the strange hair to the drawer, and I said nothing of the matter to the Rucastles as I felt that I had put myself in the wrong by opening a drawer which they had locked.
“I am naturally observant, as you may have remarked, Mr. Holmes, and I soon had a pretty good plan of the whole house in my head.
There was one wing, however, which appeared not to be inhabited at all.

Don't forget what you have learned, and you will always be glad you came to us," said Sally, kissing her good-by.
"Where is Muffin?
I can't go without seeing him, my dear old friend,"
answered Lily, looking round for him.
"He is here," said Sally, touching the loaf.
"He was ready to go, and chose to pass into your bread rather than any other; for he said he loved you and would be glad to help feed so good a little girl."
"How kind of him!
I must be careful to grow wise and excellent, else he will be disappointed and have died in vain," said Lily, touched by his devotion.
Then, bidding them all farewell, she hugged her loaf close, wished three times to be in her own home, and like a flash she was there.
Whether her friends believed the wonderful tale of her adventures I cannot tell; but I know that she was a nice little housekeeper from that day, and made such good bread that other girls came to learn of her.
She also grew from a sickly, fretful child into a fine, strong woman, because she ate very little cake and candy, except at Christmas time, when the oldest and the wisest love to make a short visit to Candy-land.
III.
NAUGHTY JOCKO.

I am well prepared, but there are precautions to be taken, that could not be taken until he was actually summoned before the Tribunal.
He has not received the notice yet, but I know that he will presently be summoned for to-morrow, and removed to the Conciergerie; I have timely information.
You are not afraid?”
She could scarcely answer, “I trust in you.”
“Do so, implicitly.
Your suspense is nearly ended, my darling; he shall be restored to you within a few hours; I have encompassed him with every protection.
I must see Lorry.”
He stopped.
There was a heavy lumbering of wheels within hearing.
They both knew too well what it meant.
One.
Two.
Three.
Three tumbrils faring away with their dread loads over the hushing snow.
“I must see Lorry,” the Doctor repeated, turning her another way.

OLD FATHER CHRISTMAS.
From a German book at Lady      Littleham's.
"My sister Patty was six years old.
We loved each other dearly.
The picture-book was almost as much hers as mine.
We sat so long together on one big footstool by the fire, with our arms round each other, and the book resting on our knees, that Kitty called down blessings on my godmother's head for having sent a volume that kept us both so long out of mischief.
"'If books was allus as useful as that, they'd do for me,' said she; and though this speech did not mean much, it was a great deal for Kitty to say; since, not being herself an educated person, she naturally thought that 'little enough good comes of larning.'
"Patty and I had our favourites amongst the pictures.
Bogy, now, was a character one did not care to think about too near bed-time.
I was tired of Guy Fawkes, and thought he looked more natural made of straw, as Dick did him.
The Dunce was a little too personal; but Old Father Christmas took our hearts by storm; we had never seen anything like him, though now-a-days you may get a plaster figure of him in any toy-shop at Christmas-time, with hair and beard like cotton-wool, and a Christmas-tree in his hand.
"The custom of Christmas-trees came from Germany.

In spite of fingers and wrists broken by the rack, Cornelius managed to write a note.
DEAR GODSON: Burn the packet I gave you, burn without opening      or looking at it, so that you may not know the contents.
The      secrets it contains bring death.
Burn it, and you will have      saved both John and Cornelius.
Farewell, from your affectionate 
     CORNELIUS DE WITT.
Then a letter was given to Craeke, John de Witt's faithful servant, who at once set off for Dordrecht, and within a few minutes the two brothers were driving away to the city gate.
Rosa, the gaoler's daughter, unknown to her father, had opened the postern, and had herself bidden De Witt's coachman drive round to the rear of the prison, and by this means the fury of the mob was, for the moment, evaded.
And now the clamour of the Orangists was at the prison door, for Tilly's horse had withdrawn on an order signed by the deputies in the town hall, and the people were raging to get within the Buytenhof.
The mob burst open the great gate, and yelling, "Death to the traitors!
To the gallows with Cornelius de Witt!"
poured in, only to find the prisoner had escaped.
But the escape was but from the prison, for the city gate was locked when the carriage of the De Witts drove up, locked by order of the deputies of the Town Hall, and a certain young man who was none other than William, Prince of Orange held the key.

As for Captain Wilmot, we left him with a large company at Madagascar, while we went on to the East Indies.
At last we had gotten so rich, for we traded in cloves and spices to the merchants, that William one day proposed to me that we should give up the kind of life we had been leading.
We were then off the coast of Persia.
"Most people," said William, "leave off trading when they are satisfied of getting, and are rich enough; for nobody trades for the sake of trading; much less do men rob for the sake of thieving.
It is natural for men that are abroad to desire to come home again at last, especially when they are grown rich, and so rich as they would know not what to do with more if they had it."
"Well, William," said I, "but you have not explained what you mean by home.
Why, man, I am at home; here is my habitation; I never had any other in my lifetime; I was a kind of charity school-boy; so that I can have no desire of going anywhere for being rich or poor; for I have nowhere to go."
"Why," says William, looking a little confused, "hast thou no relatives or friends in England?
No acquaintance; none that thou hast any kindness or any remains of respect for?"
"Not I, William," said I, "no more than I have in the court of the Great Mogul.
Yet I do not say I like this roving, cruising life so well as never to give it over.
Say anything to me, I will take it kindly."

I'll be as prim as I can and not get into any scrapes, if I can help it.
Now go and answer your note, and let me finish this splendid story."
So Meg went away to 'accept with thanks', look over her dress, and sing blithely as she did up her one real lace frill, while Jo finished her story, her four apples, and had a game of romps with Scrabble.
On New Year's Eve the parlor was deserted, for the two younger girls played dressing maids and the two elder were absorbed in the all-important business of 'getting ready for the party'.
Simple as the toilets were, there was a great deal of running up and down, laughing and talking, and at one time a strong smell of burned hair pervaded the house.
Meg wanted a few curls about her face, and Jo undertook to pinch the papered locks with a pair of hot tongs.
"Ought they to smoke like that?"
asked Beth from her perch on the bed.
"It's the dampness drying," replied Jo.
"What a queer smell!
It's like burned feathers," observed Amy, smoothing her own pretty curls with a superior air.
"There, now I'll take off the papers and you'll see a cloud of little ringlets," said Jo, putting down the tongs.

she said, extending a hand of marble fairness.
'Never!
Till you tell me how I may rescue you,' swore the knight, still kneeling.
'Alas, my cruel fate condemns me to remain here till my tyrant is destroyed.'
'Where is the villain?'
'In the mauve salon.
Go, brave heart, and save me from despair.'
'I obey, and return victorious or dead!'
With these thrilling words he rushed away, and flinging open the door of the mauve salon, was about to enter, when he received..."
"A stunning blow from the big Greek lexicon, which an old fellow in a black gown fired at him," said Ned.
"Instantly, Sir What's-his-name recovered himself, pitched the tyrant out of the window, and turned to join the lady, victorious, but with a bump on his brow, found the door locked, tore up the curtains, made a rope ladder, got halfway down when the ladder broke, and he went headfirst into the moat, sixty feet below.
Could swim like a duck, paddled round the castle till he came to a little door guarded by two stout fellows, knocked their heads together till they cracked like a couple of nuts, then, by a trifling exertion of his prodigious strength, he smashed in the door, went up a pair of stone steps covered with dust a foot thick, toads as big as your fist, and spiders that would frighten you into hysterics, Miss March.
At the top of these steps he came plump upon a sight that took his breath away and chilled his blood..."
"A tall figure, all in white with a veil over its face and a lamp in its wasted hand," went on Meg.

"She felt it less abroad," thought the Captain.
"An English home in which she frets herself to death is, after all, no great boon."
Christmas Eve came.
"I'm sure it's quite Christmas enough now," said Robin.
"We'll have 'The Peace Egg' to-night."
So as the Captain and his wife sat sadly over their fire, the door opened, and Pax ran in shaking his bells, and followed by the nursery mummers.
The performance was most successful.
It was by no means pathetic, and yet, as has been said, the Captain's wife shed tears.
"What is the matter, Mamma?"
said St. George, abruptly dropping his sword and running up to her.
"Don't tease Mamma with questions," said the Captain; "she is not very well, and rather sad.
We must all be very kind and good to poor dear Mamma;" and the Captain raised his wife's hand to his lips as he spoke.

Thanks to your pure heart and the aid of the fair Sabrina, you have come safely through the enchanter's wood.
a Christmas Hamper 

HE seemed a funny old gentleman, the children thought, but still rather nice, especially when he brought those sweets out of his pocket and let them dip into the bag and take what they liked.
They had seen him walking through the wood, and then when they left off playing, he had come to sit down beside them, and asked them their names.
“Mine’s Hugh, like father,” said the eldest; “and this is Lily, and this is Tom.”
The old gentleman looked a little quickly at Tom.
“Who is he named after?” he said.
The children’s faces grew grave.
“He is named after poor Uncle Tom,” said Lily in a low voice, “who went to sea and was drowned.”
There was silence for a minute.
Then the old gentleman spoke again,—
“So poor Uncle Tom was drowned, was he?”
“Yes,” said Hugh.
“His ship was lost, and everybody was drowned, ’cept two or three that got in the boat, and Uncle Tom wasn’t among them.
Father waited and waited, but it wasn’t any good.
So then he put up a monument in the church just where we can see it from our pew.”
“And we always sings about the saints of God on his burfday,” said Lily, “and father cries a little.”

“No, he don’t!” said Hugh indignantly.
“Father’s a man, and men don’t cry!”
“But he does,” said Lily.

Let us overhaul these patients of yours.”
A moment afterwards he had entered the block house and with one grim nod to me proceeded with his work among the sick.
He seemed under no apprehension, though he must have known that his life, among these treacherous demons, depended on a hair; and he rattled on to his patients as if he were paying an ordinary professional visit in a quiet English family.
His manner, I suppose, reacted on the men, for they behaved to him as if nothing had occurred, as if he were still ship's doctor and they still faithful hands before the mast.
“You're doing well, my friend,” he said to the fellow with the bandaged head, “and if ever any person had a close shave, it was you; your head must be as hard as iron.
Well, George, how goes it?
You're a pretty colour, certainly; why, your liver, man, is upside down.
Did you take that medicine?
Did he take that medicine, men?”
“Aye, aye, sir, he took it, sure enough,” returned Morgan.
“Because, you see, since I am mutineers' doctor, or prison doctor as I prefer to call it,” says Doctor Livesey in his pleasantest way, “I make it a point of honour not to lose a man for King George (God bless him!)
and the gallows.”
The rogues looked at each other but swallowed the home-thrust in silence.
“Dick don't feel well, sir,” said one.
“Don't he?” replied the doctor.

We shall soon know your skill.
Have you a good arrow in your quiver?
Perhaps you can shoot an apple from the head of your child.
Soldier.
Where shall I bind the boy, my captain?
Gessler.
To yonder tree.
If his father shoots the apple from his child's head, he shall go free.
If he fails he must die.
Are you ready?
William Tell.
Rather would I die than risk killing my eldest son.

We ask you fairly and squarely in a dignified manner.
Do you believe that in this affair of Burdovsky you have right on your side?
Do you admit that Pavlicheff overwhelmed you with benefits, and perhaps saved your life?
If you admit it (which we take for granted), do you intend, now that you are a millionaire, and do you not think it in conformity with justice, to indemnify Burdovsky?
Yes or no?
If it is yes, or, in other words, if you possess what you call honour and conscience, and we more justly call common-sense, then accede to our demand, and the matter is at an end.
Give us satisfaction, without entreaties or thanks from us; do not expect thanks from us, for what you do will be done not for our sake, but for the sake of justice.
If you refuse to satisfy us, that is, if your answer is no, we will go away at once, and there will be an end of the matter.
But we will tell you to your face before the present company that you are a man of vulgar and undeveloped mind; we will openly deny you the right to speak in future of your honour and conscience, for you have not paid the fair price of such a right.
I have no more to say I have put the question before you.
Now turn us out if you dare.
You can do it; force is on your side.

At the same moment he heard a step in the passage, and the door opened to Adoniram K. Hotchkiss.
The Colonel was impressed; he had a duellist's respect for punctuality.
The man entered with a nod and the expectant, inquiring look of a busy man.
As his feet crossed that sacred threshold the Colonel became all courtesy; he placed a chair for his visitor, and took his hat from his half-reluctant hand.
He then opened a cupboard and brought out a bottle of whiskey and two glasses.
"A er slight refreshment, Mr. Hotchkiss," he suggested, politely.
"I never drink," replied Hotchkiss, with the severe attitude of a total abstainer.
"Ah er not the finest bourbon whiskey, selected by a Kentucky friend?
No?
Pardon me!
A cigar, then the mildest Havana."
"I do not use tobacco nor alcohol in any form," repeated Hotchkiss, ascetically.

They spoke of those hours of burrowing.
The only remaining point was what they were burrowing for.
I walked round the corner, saw the City and Suburban Bank abutted on our friend’s premises, and felt that I had solved my problem.
When you drove home after the concert I called upon Scotland Yard and upon the chairman of the bank directors, with the result that you have seen.”
“And how could you tell that they would make their attempt to-night?” I asked.
“Well, when they closed their League offices that was a sign that they cared no longer about Mr. Jabez Wilson’s presence—in other words, that they had completed their tunnel.
But it was essential that they should use it soon, as it might be discovered, or the bullion might be removed.
Saturday would suit them better than any other day, as it would give them two days for their escape.
For all these reasons I expected them to come to-night.”
“You reasoned it out beautifully,” I exclaimed in unfeigned admiration.
“It is so long a chain, and yet every link rings true.”
“It saved me from ennui,” he answered, yawning.
“Alas!
I already feel it closing in upon me.
My life is spent in one long effort to escape from the commonplaces of existence.

"Of what are you afraid!"
asked the Drones, who, having nothing to do but eat and sleep, were always ready to talk about anything and everything.
The great trouble with them was that if you once began to talk they did not like to have you leave and go to work.
"Why," said the Queen-Mother, "I don't want to alarm you, but I thought it was a Kingbird."
"Well, what if it was?"
said a big Drone.
"There is only one of him and there are a great many of us."
"Yes," said the Queen-Mother, "but there may not be so many of us very long if he begins to watch the tree.
I have lived much longer than you and I know how Kingbirds act."
This was true, for Queens live to be very old, and Drones never live long because they are so lazy.
"Well," said the big Drone, "we must find out about this.
Just fly around and see if it is a Kingbird," he said to a Worker.

Then he tried the various keys in the lock, but without success.
No sound came from within, and at the silence Holmes’ face clouded over.
“I trust that we are not too late,” said he.
“I think, Miss Hunter, that we had better go in without you.
Now, Watson, put your shoulder to it, and we shall see whether we cannot make our way in.”
It was an old rickety door and gave at once before our united strength.
Together we rushed into the room.
It was empty.
There was no furniture save a little pallet bed, a small table, and a basketful of linen.
The skylight above was open, and the prisoner gone.
“There has been some villainy here,” said Holmes; “this beauty has guessed Miss Hunter’s intentions and has carried his victim off.”
“But how?”
“Through the skylight.
We shall soon see how he managed it.” He swung himself up onto the roof.
“Ah, yes,” he cried, “here’s the end of a long light ladder against the eaves.

At Coblentz we had a lovely time, for some students from Bonn, with whom Fred got acquainted on the boat, gave us a serenade.
It was a moonlight night, and about one o'clock Flo and I were waked by the most delicious music under our windows.
We flew up, and hid behind the curtains, but sly peeps showed us Fred and the students singing away down below.
It was the most romantic thing I ever saw the river, the bridge of boats, the great fortress opposite, moonlight everywhere, and music fit to melt a heart of stone.
When they were done we threw down some flowers, and saw them scramble for them, kiss their hands to the invisible ladies, and go laughing away, to smoke and drink beer, I suppose.
Next morning Fred showed me one of the crumpled flowers in his vest pocket, and looked very sentimental.
I laughed at him, and said I didn't throw it, but Flo, which seemed to disgust him, for he tossed it out of the window, and turned sensible again.
I'm afraid I'm going to have trouble with that boy, it begins to look like it.
The baths at Nassau were very gay, so was Baden-Baden, where Fred lost some money, and I scolded him.
He needs someone to look after him when Frank is not with him.
Kate said once she hoped he'd marry soon, and I quite agree with her that it would be well for him.
Frankfurt was delightful.

The way they grew old was to get thinner and thinner till there was danger of their vanishing.
Then the friends of the old person put him in a neat coffin, and carried him to the great golden urn which stood in their largest temple, always full of a certain fine syrup; and here he was dipped and dipped till he was stout and strong again, and went home to enjoy himself for a long time as good as new.
This was very interesting to Lily, and she went to many funerals.
But the weddings were better still; for the lovely white brides were so sweet Lily longed to eat them.
The feasts were delicious; and everybody went in their best clothes, and danced at the ball till they got so warm half-a-dozen would stick together and have to be taken to the ice-cream room to cool off.
Then the little pair would drive away in a fine carriage with white horses to a new palace in some other part of the country, and Lily would have another pleasant place to visit.
But by and by, when she had seen everything, and eaten so much sweet stuff that at last she longed for plain bread and butter, she began to get cross, as children always do when they live on candy; and the little people wished she would go away, for they were afraid of her.
No wonder, when she would catch up a dear sugar baby and eat him, or break some respectable old grandmamma all into bits because she reproved her for naughty ways.
Lily calmly sat down on the biggest church, crushing it flat, and even tried to poke the moon out of the sky in a pet one day.
The king ordered her to go home; but she said, "I won't!"
and bit his head off, crown and all.
Such a wail went up at this awful deed that she ran away out of the city, fearing some one would put poison in her candy, since she had no other food.

You may sit upon my back, and then I will carry you there.” So she seated herself on his back, and off he went from his house in great haste, and they were not long on the way.
When they came near the North Wind’s dwelling, he was so wild and frantic that they felt cold gusts a long while before they got there.
“What do you want?” he roared out from afar, and they froze as they heard.
Said the South Wind: “It is I, and this is she who should have had the Prince who lives in the castle which lies east of the sun and west of the moon.
And now she wishes to ask you if you have ever been there, and can tell her the way, for she would gladly find him again.”
“Yes,” said the North Wind, “I know where it is.
I once blew an aspen leaf there, but I was so tired that for many days afterward I was not able to blow at all.
However, if you really are anxious to go there, and are not afraid to go with me, I will take you on my back, and try if I can blow you there.”
“Get there I must,” said she; “and if there is any way of going I will; and I have no fear, no matter how fast you go.”
“Very well then,” said the North Wind; “but you must sleep here to-night, for if we are ever to get there we must have the day before us.”
The North Wind woke her betimes next morning, and puffed himself up, and made himself so big and so strong that it was frightful to see him, and away they went, high up through the air, as if they would not stop until they had reached the very end of the world.
Down below there was such a storm!
It blew down woods and houses, and when they were above the sea the ships were wrecked by hundreds.
And thus they tore on and on, and a long time went by, and then yet more time passed, and still they were above the sea, and the North Wind grew tired, and more tired, and at last so utterly weary that he was scarcely able to blow any longer, and he sank and sank, lower and lower, until at last he went so low that the waves dashed against the heels of the poor girl he was carrying.
“Art thou afraid?” said the North Wind.
“I have no fear,” said she; and it was true.

Seizing it on one side, he carefully knocked it against a stone until the venomous things dropped off.
Great indeed was his surprise to find when he next looked into his gourd, that several scorpions still clung to it, but had been transformed by the Gods into pure gold, although their forms were retained.
Thus the good old man was enriched, but great was his disappointment when he remembered how many scorpions he had thrown away, for these might also have turned into gold had he kept them.
Moral.
There is good sometimes in even the evil things in life.
THE STORY OF A PEARL 
A poor workman and his wife were once almost starving.
Every day the man gathered sticks and sold them, while the woman remained at home.
"Wife," said the man one day, "come, we will both go and gather wood for sale to-day, so that, if we earn enough, we shall not eat rice only, but will buy a small fish, and eat that also."
The woman agreed, and having sold their stock of firewood, they returned home with a fish for dinner.
On opening it, a small white bead, round and shining, fell upon the floor.
The woman was attracted by its brightness, and locked it up in a box.
Many days of poverty and hunger visited that household before the woman remembered the pretty stone found in the fish; but at last she thought of it, and took it to a Bunniah, who, as soon as he set eyes upon it, said: "Give me that, and I will give you as much as you can carry away of ghee and food and oil, not only to-day, but for many days, if you will come to my shop."

The poor little Donkey stuck out a long tongue and licked his nose for a long time in an effort to take away the pain.
And what was his grief when on looking up toward the boxes, he saw that the Fairy had disappeared!
He felt himself fainting, his eyes filled with tears, and he wept bitterly.
No one knew it, however, least of all the Manager, who, cracking his whip, cried out:
“Bravo, Pinocchio!
Now show us how gracefully you can jump through the rings.”
Pinocchio tried two or three times, but each time he came near the ring, he found it more to his taste to go under it.
The fourth time, at a look from his master he leaped through it, but as he did so his hind legs caught in the ring and he fell to the floor in a heap.
When he got up, he was lame and could hardly limp as far as the stable.
“Pinocchio!
We want Pinocchio!
We want the little Donkey!” cried the boys from the orchestra, saddened by the accident.
No one saw Pinocchio again that evening.
The next morning the veterinary that is, the animal doctor declared that he would be lame for the rest of his life.

Horror was depicted on every countenance.
"For more?"
said the chairman.
"Compose yourself, Bumble, and answer me distinctly.
Do I understand that he asked for more, after he had eaten the supper allotted by the dietary?"
"He did, sir," replied Bumble.
"That boy will be hung," said a gentleman in a white waistcoat.
"I know that boy will be hung."
Nobody disputed the opinion.
Oliver was ordered into instant confinement, and a bill was next morning pasted on the outside of the workhouse gate, offering a reward of five pounds to anybody who would take Oliver Twist off their hands.
In other words, five pounds and Oliver Twist were offered to any man or woman who wanted an apprentice to any trade, business, or calling.
Mr. Gamfield, the chimney sweep, was the first to respond to this offer.

And on the morrow they came to the great palace.
When it was told Concobar that the three sons of Usna and Deirdre the Star-eyed, and the two sons of Fergus were without, he ordered that they should be taken into the House of the Red Branch.
And he ordered, too, that there should be given unto them of pleasant foods, and that all that dwelt in the castle should do them honour.
But when evening was come, and all the company was merry, Deirdre was wearied with journeying, and she lay upon a couch draped with deerskins, and played with Nathos upon the gold and ivory chess-board.
And as Deirdre rested, the door opened, and there entered a messenger from the King.
And this messenger was none other than Lavarcam, who had been sent to discover if Deirdre were still as fair as in days of old.
And when Lavarcam beheld Deirdre, her eyes filled with tears.
'You do not well, O Nathos, thus to play upon the chess-board which Concobar holds dearer than aught else save Deirdre, thy wife.
Both have ye taken from him, and here, within these walls, are ye now in his power.'
Of a sudden Deirdre spake, her gaze fixed as if on some strange thing.
'I see as in a dream.
As in a dream I see three torches.

There was a fire in the chimney, and it had now crumbled into great coals and embers, which lay glowing on the hearth, with a blaze flickering up now and then, and flinging a warm and ruddy light upon the walls.
Ceres sat before the hearth with the child in her lap, and the firelight making her shadow dance upon the ceiling overhead.
She undressed the little prince, and bathed him all over with some fragrant liquid out of a vase.
The next thing she did was to rake back the red embers, and make a hollow place among them, just where the backlog had been.
At last, while the baby was crowing, and clapping its fat little hands, and laughing in the nurse's face (just as you may have seen your little brother or sister do before going into its warm bath), Ceres suddenly laid him, all naked as he was, in the hollow among the red-hot embers.
She then raked the ashes over him, and turned quietly away.
You may imagine, if you can, how Queen Metanira shrieked, thinking nothing less than that her dear child would be burned to a cinder.
She burst forth from her hiding-place, and running to the hearth, raked open the fire, and snatched up poor little Prince Demophoon out of his bed of live coals, one of which he was gripping in each of his fists.
He immediately set up a grievous cry, as babies are apt to do, when rudely startled out of a sound sleep.
To the queen's astonishment and joy, she could perceive no token of the child's being injured by the hot fire in which he had lain.
She now turned to Mother Ceres, and asked her to explain the mystery.
"Foolish woman," answered Ceres, "did you not promise to intrust this poor infant entirely to me?

He would watch her himself in future, and say nothing to her that would make her think he was doing so.
11.
What should the king have done when he heard the barber's story?
12.
Can you really love anybody truly whom you do not trust?
Although the king said nothing to his wife about what the barber had told him, he could not treat her exactly as he did before he heard it, and she very soon began to wonder what she had done to vex him.
The first thing she noticed was that one of the ladies of the court always followed her when she went into the forest.
She did not like this; because she so dearly loved to be alone with the wild creatures, and they did not come to her when any one else was near.
She told the lady to go away, and she pretended to do so; but she only kept a little further off.
And though the queen could no longer see her, she knew she was there, and so did the birds and the deer.
This went on for a little time; and then Kadali-Garbha asked her husband to tell every one that she was not to be disturbed when she went to see her friends in the forest.
"I am afraid," said the king, "that some harm will come to you.

In the confused state of his mind, John found it necessary if he were to speak at all, to say the essential thing in the shortest possible way.
Polished periods are not for the man who is feeling deeply.
He blurted out, huskily, "I love you!"
and finding that this was all that he could say, was silent.
Even to himself the words, as he spoke them, sounded bald and meaningless.
To Betty, shaken by her encounter with Mr. Scobell, they sounded artificial, as if he were forcing himself to repeat a lesson.
They jarred upon her.
"Don't!"
she said sharply.
"Oh, don't!"
Her voice stabbed him.
It could not have stirred him more if she had uttered a cry of physical pain.

Nothing was seen or heard of the fourth, although the day of decision was close at hand.
"Ah, yes, there is always some trouble mingled with the greatest pleasure," said the mouse-king.
But he gave orders that all the mice within a circle of many miles should be invited at once.
They were to assemble in the kitchen, and the three travelers were to stand in a row before them, and a sausage skewer covered with crape was to stand in the place of the missing mouse.
No one dared express an opinion until the king spoke and desired one of them to proceed with her story.
And now we shall hear what she said.
WHAT THE FIRST LITTLE MOUSE SAW AND HEARD ON HER TRAVELS 
"When I first went out into the world," said the little mouse, "I fancied, as so many of my age do, that I already knew everything but it was not so.
It takes years to acquire great knowledge.
"I went at once to sea, in a ship bound for the north.
I had been told that the ship's cook must know how to prepare every dish at sea, and it is easy enough to do that with plenty of sides of bacon, and large tubs of salt meat and musty flour.
There I found plenty of delicate food but no opportunity to learn how to make soup from a sausage skewer.
"We sailed on for many days and nights; the ship rocked fearfully, and we did not escape without a wetting.

You ordinary children can never hear it, but if you were to hear it you would know that you had heard it once before.
Tink said that the shadow was in the big box.
She meant the chest of drawers, and Peter jumped at the drawers, scattering their contents to the floor with both hands, as kings toss ha'pence to the crowd.
In a moment he had recovered his shadow, and in his delight he forgot that he had shut Tinker Bell up in the drawer.
If he thought at all, but I don't believe he ever thought, it was that he and his shadow, when brought near each other, would join like drops of water, and when they did not he was appalled.
He tried to stick it on with soap from the bathroom, but that also failed.
A shudder passed through Peter, and he sat on the floor and cried.
His sobs woke Wendy, and she sat up in bed.
She was not alarmed to see a stranger crying on the nursery floor; she was only pleasantly interested.
“Boy,” she said courteously, “why are you crying?”
Peter could be exceeding polite also, having learned the grand manner at fairy ceremonies, and he rose and bowed to her beautifully.
She was much pleased, and bowed beautifully to him from the bed.
“What's your name?” he asked.

The Colonel picked it up, fitting the shining blade in it, clicked the spring, and then rising, with a face of courtesy yet of unmistakably genuine pain, and with even a slight tremor in his voice, said, gravely:
"Mr. Hotchkiss, I owe you a thousand apologies, sir, that er 
a weapon should be drawn by me even through your own inadvertence 
under the sacred protection of my roof, and upon an unarmed man.
I beg your pardon, sir, and I even withdraw the expressions which provoked that inadvertence.
Nor does this apology prevent you from holding me responsible personally responsible elsewhere for an indiscretion committed in behalf of a lady my er client."
"Your client?
Do you mean you have taken her case?
You, the counsel for the Ditch Company?"
said Mr. Hotchkiss, in trembling indignation.
"Having won your case, sir," said the Colonel, coolly, "the er usages of advocacy do not prevent me from espousing the cause of the weak and unprotected."
"We shall see, sir," said Hotchkiss, grasping the handle of the door and backing into the passage.
"There are other lawyers who "
"Permit me to see you out," interrupted the Colonel, rising politely.
"
will be ready to resist the attacks of blackmail," continued Hotchkiss, retreating along the passage.
"And then you will be able to repeat your remarks to me in the street," continued the Colonel, bowing, as he persisted in following his visitor to the door.

“I thought I’d let you eat your dinner first.
Mr. Craven came back this mornin’ and I think he wants to see you.”
Mary turned quite pale.
“Oh!” she said.
“Why!
Why!
He didn’t want to see me when I came.
I heard Pitcher say he didn’t.”
“Well,” explained Martha, “Mrs.
Medlock says it’s because o’ mother.
She was walkin’ to Thwaite village an’ she met him.
She’d never spoke to him before, but Mrs. Craven had been to our cottage two or three times.
He’d forgot, but mother hadn’t an’ she made bold to stop him.
I don’t know what she said to him about you but she said somethin’ as put him in th’ mind to see you before he goes away again, tomorrow.”
“Oh!” cried Mary, “is he going away tomorrow?

Go straight down the way you came up; and if any one says anything to you, as they probably will, being but men, you can chaff back a bit, of course, but remember you’re a widow woman, quite alone in the world, with a character to lose.’
With a quaking heart, but as firm a footstep as he could command, Toad set forth cautiously on what seemed to be a most hare-brained and hazardous undertaking; but he was soon agreeably surprised to find how easy everything was made for him, and a little humbled at the thought that both his popularity, and the sex that seemed to inspire it, were really another’s.
The washerwoman’s squat figure in its familiar cotton print seemed a passport for every barred door and grim gateway; even when he hesitated, uncertain as to the right turning to take, he found himself helped out of his difficulty by the warder at the next gate, anxious to be off to his tea, summoning him to come along sharp and not keep him waiting there all night.
The chaff and the humourous sallies to which he was subjected, and to which, of course, he had to provide prompt and effective reply, formed, indeed, his chief danger; for Toad was an animal with a strong sense of his own dignity, and the chaff was mostly (he thought) poor and clumsy, and the humour of the sallies entirely lacking.
However, he kept his temper, though with great difficulty, suited his retorts to his company and his supposed character, and did his best not to overstep the limits of good taste.
It seemed hours before he crossed the last courtyard, rejected the pressing invitations from the last guardroom, and dodged the outspread arms of the last warder, pleading with simulated passion for just one farewell embrace.
But at last he heard the wicket-gate in the great outer door click behind him, felt the fresh air of the outer world upon his anxious brow, and knew that he was free!
Dizzy with the easy success of his daring exploit, he walked quickly towards the lights of the town, not knowing in the least what he should do next, only quite certain of one thing, that he must remove himself as quickly as possible from the neighbourhood where the lady he was forced to represent was so well-known and so popular a character.
As he walked along, considering, his attention was caught by some red and green lights a little way off, to one side of the town, and the sound of the puffing and snorting of engines and the banging of shunted trucks fell on his ear.
‘Aha!’ he thought, ‘this is a piece of luck!
A railway station is the thing I want most in the whole world at this moment; and what’s more, I needn’t go through the town to get it, and shan’t have to support this humiliating character by repartees which, though thoroughly effective, do not assist one’s sense of self-respect.’
He made his way to the station accordingly, consulted a time-table, and found that a train, bound more or less in the direction of his home, was due to start in half-an-hour.
‘More luck!’ said Toad, his spirits rising rapidly, and went off to the booking-office to buy his ticket.
He gave the name of the station that he knew to be nearest to the village of which Toad Hall was the principal feature, and mechanically put his fingers, in search of the necessary money, where his waistcoat pocket should have been.

A report like a cannon sounded in the passage below.
It was merely a revolver shot, but in the confined space it was deafening.
The bullet sang up into the sky.
"Never hit me," said John cheerfully.
The noise was succeeded by a shuffling of feet.
John grasped his stick more firmly.
This was evidently the real attack.
The revolver shot had been a mere demonstration of artillery to cover the infantry's advance.
Sure enough, the next moment a woolly head popped through the opening, and a pair of rolling eyes gleamed up at him.
"Why, Sam!"
he said cordially, "this is great.
Now for our interesting experiment.

repeated the Cat.
"Between to-day and to-morrow your five gold pieces would have become two thousand."
"Two thousand!"
repeated the Cat.
"But how is it possible that they could have become so many?"
asked Pinocchio, remaining with his mouth open from astonishment.
"I will explain it to you at once," said the Fox.
"You must know that in the Land of the Owls there is a sacred field called by everybody the Field of Miracles.
In this field you must dig a little hole, and you put into it, we will say one gold piece.
Then you cover up the hole with a little earth; you water it with two pails of water from the fountain, then sprinkle it with two pinches of salt, and when night comes you can go quietly to bed.
In the meanwhile, during the night, the gold piece will grow and flower, and in the morning when you return to the field, what do you find?
You find a beautiful tree laden with as many gold pieces as an ear of corn has grains in the month of June."

"From the country, I presume, sir?"
said he, with a profound bow.
"Beg leave to congratulate you on your arrival, and trust you intend a long stay with us.
Fine town here, sir, beautiful buildings, and much that may interest a stranger.
May I hope for the honor of your commands in respect to supper?"
"The man sees a family likeness!
the rogue has guessed that I am related to the Major!"
thought Robin, who had hitherto experienced little superfluous civility.
All eyes were now turned on the country lad, standing at the door, in his worn three-cornered hat, gray coat, leather breeches, and blue yarn stockings, leaning on an oaken cudgel, and bearing a wallet on his back.
Robin replied to the courteous innkeeper, with such an assumption of confidence as befitted the Major's relative.
"My honest friend," he said, "I shall make it a point to patronize your house on some occasion, when" here he could not help lowering his voice "when I may have more than a parchment three-pence in my pocket.
My present business," continued he, speaking with lofty confidence, "is merely to inquire my way to the dwelling of my kinsman, Major Molineux."

"The road forks here, and Turner's is yonder less than a mile.
I'll hitch in his barn a spell and go on later," and he took the Turner fork.
But at Turner's Pete found two or three congenial spirits and a jug; and a few hours later the easy-going fellow was deep in a tipsy sleep that would last for hours.
The following Sunday morning came bright and clear upon freshly fallen snow that softened all the ruder outlines of town and field and woods.
Beetle Ring camp lay wrapped in fleecy whiteness.
The camp was late astir, for Sunday was Beetle Ring's day not of rest, but of carousal.
Two men had started out rather early the camp's jug delegation to the Skylark.
Presently the men began to straggle out to the snug row of sheds where the horses were kept.
Posey Breem yawned lazily as he threw open the door of his particular stall, then suddenly brought himself together with a jerk and stared fixedly.
"What ails you now, Pose?
Seen a ghost?"
"Skid" Thomson stopped with the big measure of feed which he was carrying.

Of course it doesn’t make any difference to me I’m used to this kind of thing but as a favour to you and to Suleiman-bin-Daoud I don’t mind putting things right.’
So he stamped once more, and that instant the Djinns let down the Palace and the gardens, without even a bump.
The sun shone on the dark-green orange leaves; the fountains played among the pink Egyptian lilies; the birds went on singing, and the Butterfly’s Wife lay on her side under the camphor-tree waggling her wings and panting, ‘Oh, I’ll be good!
I’ll be good!’
Suleiman-bin-Daolld could hardly speak for laughing.
He leaned back all weak and hiccoughy, and shook his finger at the Butterfly and said, ‘O great wizard, what is the sense of returning to me my Palace if at the same time you slay me with mirth!’
Then came a terrible noise, for all the nine hundred and ninety-nine Queens ran out of the Palace shrieking and shouting and calling for their babies.
They hurried down the great marble steps below the fountain, one hundred abreast, and the Most Wise Balkis went statelily forward to meet them and said, ‘What is your trouble, O Queens?’
They stood on the marble steps one hundred abreast and shouted, ‘What is our trouble?
We were living peacefully in our golden palace, as is our custom, when upon a sudden the Palace disappeared, and we were left sitting in a thick and noisome darkness; and it thundered, and Djinns and Afrits moved about in the darkness!
That is our trouble, O Head Queen, and we are most extremely troubled on account of that trouble, for it was a troublesome trouble, unlike any trouble we have known.’
Then Balkis the Most Beautiful Queen Suleiman-bin-Daoud’s Very Best Beloved Queen that was of Sheba and Sable and the Rivers of the Gold of the South from the Desert of Zinn to the Towers of Zimbabwe Balkis, almost as wise as the Most Wise Suleiman-bin-Daoud himself, said, ‘It is nothing, O Queens!
A Butterfly has made complaint against his wife because she quarrelled with him, and it has pleased our Lord Suleiman-bin-Daoud to teach her a lesson in low-speaking and humbleness, for that is counted a virtue among the wives of the butterflies.’
Then up and spoke an Egyptian Queen the daughter of a Pharoah and she said, ‘Our Palace cannot be plucked up by the roots like a leek for the sake of a little insect.
No!
Suleiman-bin-Daoud must be dead, and what we heard and saw was the earth thundering and darkening at the news.’
Then Balkis beckoned that bold Queen without looking at her, and said to her and to the others, ‘Come and see.’
They came down the marble steps, one hundred abreast, and beneath his camphor-tree, still weak with laughing, they saw the Most Wise King Suleiman-bin-Daoud rocking back and forth with a Butterfly on either hand, and they heard him say, ‘O wife of my brother in the air, remember after this, to please your husband in all things, lest he be provoked to stamp his foot yet again; for he has said that he is used to this magic, and he is most eminently a great magician one who steals away the very Palace of Suleirnan-bin-Daoud himself.
Go in peace, little folk!’ And he kissed them on the wings, and they flew away.
Then all the Queens except Balkis the Most Beautiful and Splendid Balkis, who stood apart smiling fell flat on their faces, for they said, ‘If these things are done when a Butterfly is displeased with his wife, what shall be done to us who have vexed our King with our loud-speaking and open quarrelling through many days?’
Then they put their veils over their heads, and they put their hands over their mouths, and they tiptoed back to the Palace most mousy-quiet.

And swimming on the lone lake were four white swans.
When Eva reached the palace of Bove Derg alone, greatly was he troubled lest evil had befallen the children of Lir.
But the attendants, because of their great fear of Eva, dared not to tell the King of the magic spell she had wrought by the way.
Therefore Bove Derg asked, 'Wherefore, O Eva, come not Finola and her brothers to the palace this day?'
And Eva answered, 'Because, O King, Lir no longer trusteth thee, therefore would he not let the children come hither.'
But Bove Derg believed not his foster-daughter, and that night he secretly sent messengers across the hills to the dwelling of Lir.
When the messengers came there, and told their errand, great was the grief of the father.
And in the morning with a heavy heart he summoned a company of the Dedannans, and together they set out for the palace of Bove Derg.
And it was not until sunset as they reached the lone shore of Lake Darvra, that they slackened speed.
Lir alighted from his chariot and stood spellbound.
What was that plaintive sound?
The Gaelic words, his dear daughter's voice more enchanting even than of old, and yet, before and around, only the lone blue lake.

he said, as the ball fell.
"I only arrived this morning.
It seems lovely.
I must explore to-morrow."
She was beginning to move off.
"Er " John coughed to remove what seemed to him a deposit of sawdust and unshelled nuts in his throat.
"Er may I will you let me show you " prolonged struggle with the nuts and sawdust; then rapidly "some of the places to-morrow?"
He had hardly spoken the words when it was borne in upon him that he was a vulgar, pushing bounder, presuming on a dead and buried acquaintanceship to force his company on a girl who naturally did not want it, and who would now proceed to snub him as he deserved.
He quailed.
Though he had not had time to collect and examine and label his feelings, he was sufficiently in touch with them to know that a snub from her would be the most terrible thing that could possibly happen to him.
She did not snub him.
Indeed, if he had been in a state of mind coherent enough to allow him to observe, he might have detected in her eyes and her voice signs of pleasure.

Only to Honiton.
I shall then go post."
"Well, as you are resolved to go, I wish you a good journey.
But you had better change your mind."
"I assure you it is not in my power."
He then took leave of the whole party.
"Is there no chance of my seeing you and your sisters in town this winter, Miss Dashwood?"
"I am afraid, none at all."
"Then I must bid you farewell for a longer time than I should wish to do."
To Marianne, he merely bowed and said nothing.
"Come Colonel," said Mrs. Jennings, "before you go, do let us know what you are going about."
He wished her a good morning, and, attended by Sir John, left the room.

Under the over-swinging lamps swinging ever brighter in the better streets, and ever dimmer in the worse and by lighted shops, gay crowds, illuminated coffee-houses, and theatre-doors, to one of the city gates.
Soldiers with lanterns, at the guard-house there.
“Your papers, travellers!” “See here then, Monsieur the Officer,” said Defarge, getting down, and taking him gravely apart, “these are the papers of monsieur inside, with the white head.
They were consigned to me, with him, at the ” He dropped his voice, there was a flutter among the military lanterns, and one of them being handed into the coach by an arm in uniform, the eyes connected with the arm looked, not an every day or an every night look, at monsieur with the white head.
“It is well.
Forward!” from the uniform.
“Adieu!” from Defarge.
And so, under a short grove of feebler and feebler over-swinging lamps, out under the great grove of stars.
Beneath that arch of unmoved and eternal lights; some, so remote from this little earth that the learned tell us it is doubtful whether their rays have even yet discovered it, as a point in space where anything is suffered or done: the shadows of the night were broad and black.
All through the cold and restless interval, until dawn, they once more whispered in the ears of Mr. Jarvis Lorry sitting opposite the buried man who had been dug out, and wondering what subtle powers were for ever lost to him, and what were capable of restoration the old inquiry:
“I hope you care to be recalled to life?”
And the old answer:
“I can't say.”
The end of the first book.
Book the Second the Golden Thread 
I.
Five Years Later 
Tellson's Bank by Temple Bar was an old-fashioned place, even in the year one thousand seven hundred and eighty.

"That is so beautiful!
I wish I could make merry Christmases as these good people do, and be loved and thanked as they are," said Effie, softly, as she watched the busy men and women do their work and steal away without thinking of any reward but their own satisfaction.
"You can if you will.
I have shown you the way.
Try it, and see how happy your own holiday will be hereafter."
As he spoke, the spirit seemed to put his arms about her, and vanished with a kiss.
"Oh, stay and show me more!"
cried Effie, trying to hold him fast.
"Darling, wake up, and tell me why you are smiling in your sleep," said a voice in her ear; and opening her eyes, there was mamma bending over her, and morning sunshine streaming into the room.
"Are they all gone?
Did you hear the bells?
Wasn't it splendid?"

“Come down to us,” said they.
“We will not do thee any harm.” She only shook her head.
As they pressed her further with questions she threw her golden necklace down to them, and thought to content them thus.
They, however, did not cease, and then she threw her girdle down to them, and as this also was to no purpose, her garters, and by degrees everything that she had on that she could do without until she had nothing left but her shift.
The huntsmen, however, did not let themselves be turned aside by that, but climbed the tree and fetched the maiden down and led her before the King.
The King asked, “Who art thou?
What art thou doing on the tree?” But she did not answer.
He put the question in every language that he knew, but she remained as mute as a fish.
As she was so beautiful, the King’s heart was touched, and he was smitten with a great love for her.
He put his mantle on her, took her before him on his horse, and carried her to his castle.
Then he caused her to be dressed in rich garments, and she shone in her beauty like bright daylight, but no word could be drawn from her.
He placed her by his side at table, and her modest bearing and courtesy pleased him so much that he said, “She is the one whom I wish to marry, and no other woman in the world.” And after some days he united himself to her.

She told it quite simply, and in as few words as possible; but somehow the Indian gentleman found it necessary to shade his eyes with his hand and look down at the carpet.
"And I was supposing a kind of plan," she said, when she had finished.
"I was thinking I should like to do something."
"What was it?"
said Mr. Carrisford, in a low tone.
"You may do anything you like to do, princess."
"I was wondering," rather hesitated Sara "you know, you say I have so much money I was wondering if I could go to see the bun-woman, and tell her that if, when hungry children particularly on those dreadful days come and sit on the steps, or look in at the window, she would just call them in and give them something to eat, she might send the bills to me.
Could I do that?"
"You shall do it tomorrow morning," said the Indian gentleman.
"Thank you," said Sara.
"You see, I know what it is to be hungry, and it is very hard when one cannot even PRETEND it away."
"Yes, yes, my dear," said the Indian gentleman.

"I don't know, my dear," I answered, evasively; "this isn't the first year I have been married, not by a good many, and I wouldn't climb it for a farm."
"You know what I mean," she said.
I did.
*        *        *        *        *
When we reached the boarding-house, Mr. Jacobus took me aside.
"You know," he began his discourse, "my wife she uset to live in N'
York!"
I didn't know, but I said "Yes."
"She says the numbers on the streets runs criss-cross-like.
Thirty-four's on one side o' the street an' thirty-five on t'other.
How's that?"
"That is the invariable rule, I believe."
"Then I say these here new folk that you 'n' your wife seem so mighty taken up with d'ye know anything about 'em?"
"I know nothing about the character of your boarders, Mr. Jacobus," I replied, conscious of some irritability.

“I speak for the man’s cub.
There is no harm in a man’s cub.
I have no gift of words, but I speak the truth.
Let him run with the Pack, and be entered with the others.
I myself will teach him.”
“We need yet another,” said Akela.
“Baloo has spoken, and he is our teacher for the young cubs.
Who speaks besides Baloo?”
A black shadow dropped down into the circle.
It was Bagheera the Black Panther, inky black all over, but with the panther markings showing up in certain lights like the pattern of watered silk.
Everybody knew Bagheera, and nobody cared to cross his path; for he was as cunning as Tabaqui, as bold as the wild buffalo, and as reckless as the wounded elephant.
But he had a voice as soft as wild honey dripping from a tree, and a skin softer than down.
“O Akela, and ye the Free People,” he purred, “I have no right in your assembly, but the Law of the Jungle says that if there is a doubt which is not a killing matter in regard to a new cub, the life of that cub may be bought at a price.
And the Law does not say who may or may not pay that price.

But two of the youngest soon grew tired, and both returned to town; two little girls sat down, and twined garlands, so they did not go either; and when the others reached the willow-tree, where the confectioner was, they said, “Now we are there!
In reality the bell does not exist; it is only a fancy that people have taken into their heads!”
At the same moment the bell sounded deep in the wood, so clear and solemnly that five or six determined to penetrate somewhat further.
It was so thick, and the foliage so dense, that it was quite fatiguing to proceed.
Woodroof and anemonies grew almost too high; blooming convolvuluses and blackberry-bushes hung in long garlands from tree to tree, where the nightingale sang and the sunbeams were playing: it was very beautiful, but it was no place for girls to go; their clothes would get so torn.
Large blocks of stone lay there, overgrown with moss of every color; the fresh spring bubbled forth, and made a strange gurgling sound.
“That surely cannot be the bell,” said one of the children, lying down and listening.
“This must be looked to.” So he remained, and let the others go on without him.
They afterwards came to a little house, made of branches and the bark of trees; a large wild apple-tree bent over it, as if it would shower down all its blessings on the roof, where roses were blooming.
The long stems twined round the gable, on which there hung a small bell.
Was it that which people had heard?
Yes, everybody was unanimous on the subject, except one, who said that the bell was too small and too fine to be heard at so great a distance, and besides it was very different tones to those that could move a human heart in such a manner.
It was a king's son who spoke; whereon the others said, “Such people always want to be wiser than everybody else.”
They now let him go on alone; and as he went, his breast was filled more and more with the forest solitude; but he still heard the little bell with which the others were so satisfied, and now and then, when the wind blew, he could also hear the people singing who were sitting at tea where the confectioner had his tent; but the deep sound of the bell rose louder; it was almost as if an organ were accompanying it, and the tones came from the left hand, the side where the heart is placed.

“Leave me alone, will you?” she cried violently to those around her, who were trying to keep her quiet.
“No, Evgenie Pavlovitch, if, as you said yourself just now, a lawyer said in open court that he found it quite natural that a man should murder six people because he was in misery, the world must be coming to an end.
I had not heard of it before.
Now I understand everything.
And this stutterer, won’t he turn out a murderer?” she cried, pointing to Burdovsky, who was staring at her with stupefaction.
“I bet he will!
He will have none of your money, possibly, he will refuse it because his conscience will not allow him to accept it, but he will go murdering you by night and walking off with your cashbox, with a clear conscience!
He does not call it a dishonest action but ‘the impulse of a noble despair’; ‘a negation’; or the devil knows what!
Bah!
everything is upside down, everyone walks head downwards.
A young girl, brought up at home, suddenly jumps into a cab in the middle of the street, saying: ‘Good-bye, mother, I married Karlitch, or Ivanitch, the other day!’ And you think it quite right?
You call such conduct estimable and natural?

And then she heaved a deep sigh.
"Burning anxiety overcame me.
I leant towards Father Christmas, and shouted I had found out that it was needful to shout 
"'I suppose the candles are on the tree now?'
"'Just about putting of 'em on,' said Father Christmas.
"'And the presents, too?'
said Patty.
"'Aye, aye, to be sure,' said Father Christmas, and he smiled delightfully.
"I was thinking what farther questions I might venture upon, when he pushed his cup towards Patty, saying, 'Since you are so pressing, miss, I'll take another dish.'
"And Kitty, swooping on us from the oven, cried, 'Make yourself at home, sir; there's more where these came from.
Make a long arm, Miss Patty, and hand them cakes.'
"So we had to devote ourselves to the duties of the table; and Patty, holding the lid with one hand and pouring out with the other, supplied Father Christmas's wants with a heavy heart.
"At last he was satisfied.

Thus having said, she passed from sight,     And naught could Mabel see,   But the little bird, the sky-blue bird,     Upon the leafy tree.
"And now go," said the grandmother,     "And fetch in fagots dry;   All in the neighboring fir-wood     Beneath the trees they lie."
Away went kind, good Mabel,     Into the fir-wood near,   Where all the ground was dry and brown.
And the grass grew thin and sear.
She did not wander up and down,     Nor yet a live branch pull,   But steadily of the fallen boughs     She picked her apron full.
And when the wildwood brownies     Came sliding to her mind,   She drove them thence, as she was told,     With home thoughts sweet and kind.
But all that while the brownies     Within the fir-wood still,   They watched her how she picked the wood,     And strove to do no ill.
  "And, oh, but she is small and neat,"
    Said one; "'t were shame to spite   A creature so demure and meek,     A creature harmless quite!"
"Look only," said another,     "At her little gown of blue;   At her kerchief pinned about her head,     And at her little shoe!"
"Oh, but she is a comely child,"
    Said a third; "and we will lay   A good-luck penny in her path,     A boon for her this day, 
  Seeing she broke no living wood;     No live thing did affray!"
With that the smallest penny,     Of the finest silver ore,   Upon the dry and slippery path,     Lay Mabel's feet before.
With joy she picked the penny up,     The fairy penny good;   And with her fagots dry and brown     Went wandering from the wood.
"Now she has that," said the brownies,     "Let flax be ever so dear,   'T will buy her clothes of the very best,     For many and many a year!"

“Young man, you’d better ship for a missionary, instead of a fore-mast hand; I never heard a better sermon.
Deacon Deuteronomy—why Father Mapple himself couldn’t beat it, and he’s reckoned something.
Come aboard, come aboard; never mind about the papers.
I say, tell Quohog there—what’s that you call him?
tell Quohog to step along.
By the great anchor, what a harpoon he’s got there!
looks like good stuff that; and he handles it about right.
I say, Quohog, or whatever your name is, did you ever stand in the head of a whale-boat?
did you ever strike a fish?”
Without saying a word, Queequeg, in his wild sort of way, jumped upon the bulwarks, from thence into the bows of one of the whale-boats hanging to the side; and then bracing his left knee, and poising his harpoon, cried out in some such way as this:—
“Cap’ain, you see him small drop tar on water dere?
You see him?
well, spose him one whale eye, well, den!” and taking sharp aim at it, he darted the iron right over old Bildad’s broad brim, clean across the ship’s decks, and struck the glistening tar spot out of sight.
“Now,” said Queequeg, quietly hauling in the line, “spos-ee him whale-e eye; why, dad whale dead.”
“Quick, Bildad,” said Peleg, his partner, who, aghast at the close vicinity of the flying harpoon, had retreated towards the cabin gangway.

And then Lionel felt that he had indeed done it.
He had not been King twenty-four hours, and already he had let loose a Red Dragon to worry his faithful subjects' lives out.
And they had been saving up so long to buy him a crown, and everything!
Lionel began to cry.
The Chancellor and the Prime Minister and the Nurse all came running to see what was the matter.
And when they saw the book they understood, and the Chancellor said: "You naughty little King!
Put him to bed, Nurse, and let him think over what he's done."
"Perhaps, my Lord," said the Prime Minister, "we'd better first find out just exactly what he has done."
Then Lionel, in floods of tears, said: "It's a Red Dragon, and it's gone flying away to the hills, and I am so sorry, and, oh, do forgive me!"
But the Prime Minister and the Chancellor had other things to think of than forgiving Lionel.
They hurried off to consult the police and see what could be done.
Everyone did what they could.

I only loved you all the more, and I worked hard to please you, and I gave up billiards and everything you didn't like, and waited and never complained, for I hoped you'd love me, though I'm not half good enough..." Here there was a choke that couldn't be controlled, so he decapitated buttercups while he cleared his 'confounded throat'.
"You, you are, you're a great deal too good for me, and I'm so grateful to you, and so proud and fond of you, I don't know why I can't love you as you want me to.
I've tried, but I can't change the feeling, and it would be a lie to say I do when I don't."
"Really, truly, Jo?"
He stopped short, and caught both her hands as he put his question with a look that she did not soon forget.
"Really, truly, dear."
They were in the grove now, close by the stile, and when the last words fell reluctantly from Jo's lips, Laurie dropped her hands and turned as if to go on, but for once in his life the fence was too much for him.
So he just laid his head down on the mossy post, and stood so still that Jo was frightened.
"Oh, Teddy, I'm sorry, so desperately sorry, I could kill myself if it would do any good!
I wish you wouldn't take it so hard, I can't help it.
You know it's impossible for people to make themselves love other people if they don't," cried Jo inelegantly but remorsefully, as she softly patted his shoulder, remembering the time when he had comforted her so long ago.
"They do sometimes," said a muffled voice from the post.

“Mermaids!” said Peter again.
“Oo!”
“And there are pirates.”
“Pirates,” cried John, seizing his Sunday hat, “let us go at once.”
It was just at this moment that Mr. and Mrs.
Darling hurried with Nana out of 27.
They ran into the middle of the street to look up at the nursery window; and, yes, it was still shut, but the room was ablaze with light, and most heart-gripping sight of all, they could see in shadow on the curtain three little figures in night attire circling round and round, not on the floor but in the air.
Not three figures, four!
In a tremble they opened the street door.
Mr.
Darling would have rushed upstairs, but Mrs.
Darling signed him to go softly.
She even tried to make her heart go softly.
Will they reach the nursery in time?
If so, how delightful for them, and we shall all breathe a sigh of relief, but there will be no story.

Isn't there a law or something to that effect?"
"It wouldn't matter if there was," he thoughtfully replied.
"This fellow Ellsworth would be too clever to be caught by it.
He would say that the house was not a hotel but a private residence during the period for which he has rented it."
Personally, he rather admired Ellsworth.
Seemed to be a resourceful sort of chap who knew how to make money behave itself, and do its little tricks without balking in the harness.
"Then you can make him take down the sign!"
his wife declared.
He shook his head decidedly.
"It wouldn't do, Belle," he replied.
"It would be spite, not retaliation, and not at all sportsmanlike.
The course you suggest would belittle us more than it would annoy them.

My fear grew to frenzy.
I took a breathing space, set my teeth, and again grappled fiercely, wrist and knee, with the machine.
It gave under my desperate onset and turned over.
It struck my chin violently.
One hand on the saddle, the other on the lever, I stood panting heavily in attitude to mount again.
“But with this recovery of a prompt retreat my courage recovered.
I looked more curiously and less fearfully at this world of the remote future.
In a circular opening, high up in the wall of the nearer house, I saw a group of figures clad in rich soft robes.
They had seen me, and their faces were directed towards me.
“Then I heard voices approaching me.
Coming through the bushes by the White Sphinx were the heads and shoulders of men running.
One of these emerged in a pathway leading straight to the little lawn upon which I stood with my machine.

"You've had plenty of time already," said the Tin Woodman angrily.
"We shan't wait a day longer," said the Scarecrow.
"You must keep your promises to us!"
exclaimed Dorothy.
The Lion thought it might be as well to frighten the Wizard, so he gave a large, loud roar, which was so fierce and dreadful that Toto jumped away from him in alarm and tipped over the screen that stood in a corner.
As it fell with a crash they looked that way, and the next moment all of them were filled with wonder.
For they saw, standing in just the spot the screen had hidden, a little old man, with a bald head and a wrinkled face, who seemed to be as much surprised as they were.
The Tin Woodman, raising his axe, rushed toward the little man and cried out, "Who are you?"
"I am Oz, the Great and Terrible," said the little man, in a trembling voice.
"But don't strike me please don't and I'll do anything you want me to."
Our friends looked at him in surprise and dismay.
"I thought Oz was a great Head," said Dorothy.

Huckleberry, Milkweed, and Dandelion were attacked with the whooping cough, but bore it bravely, and kept out of doors whenever the sun shone.
Cowslip, during the autumn, had either the measles, or some eruption that looked very much like it, but was hardly sick a day.
Poor Clover has been a good deal troubled with her second teeth, which have made her meagre in aspect and rather fractious in temper; nor, even when she smiles, is the matter much mended, since it discloses a gap just within her lips, almost as wide as the barn door.
But all this will pass over, and it is predicted that she will turn out a very pretty girl.
As for Mr.
Bright himself, he is now in his senior year at Williams College, and has a prospect of graduating with some degree of honorable distinction at the next Commencement.
In his oration for the bachelor's degree, he gives me to understand, he will treat of the classical myths, viewed in the aspect of baby stories, and has a great mind to discuss the expediency of using up the whole of ancient history, for the same purpose.
I do not know what he means to do with himself after leaving college, but trust that, by dabbling so early with the dangerous and seductive business of authorship, he will not be tempted to become an author by profession.
If so I shall be very sorry for the little that I have had to do with the matter, in encouraging these first beginnings.
I wish there were any likelihood of my soon seeing Primrose, Periwinkle, Dandelion, Sweet Fern, Clover Plantain, Huckleberry, Milkweed, Cowslip, Buttercup, Blue Eye, and Squash Blossom again.
But as I do not know when I shall re-visit Tanglewood, and as Eustace Bright probably will not ask me to edit a third "WonderBook," the public of little folks must not expect to hear any more about those dear children from me.
Heaven bless them, and everybody else, whether grown people or children!

The Bastille!”
With a roar that sounded as if all the breath in France had been shaped into the detested word, the living sea rose, wave on wave, depth on depth, and overflowed the city to that point.
Alarm-bells ringing, drums beating, the sea raging and thundering on its new beach, the attack began.
Deep ditches, double drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers, cannon, muskets, fire and smoke.
Through the fire and through the smoke in the fire and in the smoke, for the sea cast him up against a cannon, and on the instant he became a cannonier Defarge of the wine-shop worked like a manful soldier, Two fierce hours.
Deep ditch, single drawbridge, massive stone walls, eight great towers, cannon, muskets, fire and smoke.
One drawbridge down!
“Work, comrades all, work!
Work, Jacques One, Jacques Two, Jacques One Thousand, Jacques Two Thousand, Jacques Five-and-Twenty Thousand; in the name of all the Angels or the Devils which you prefer work!” Thus Defarge of the wine-shop, still at his gun, which had long grown hot.
“To me, women!” cried madame his wife.
“What!
We can kill as well as the men when the place is taken!” And to her, with a shrill thirsty cry, trooping women variously armed, but all armed alike in hunger and revenge.
Cannon, muskets, fire and smoke; but, still the deep ditch, the single drawbridge, the massive stone walls, and the eight great towers.

In the British Greenland Fishery, under the corrupted title of Specksioneer, this old Dutch official is still retained, but his former dignity is sadly abridged.
At present he ranks simply as senior Harpooneer; and as such, is but one of the captain’s more inferior subalterns.
Nevertheless, as upon the good conduct of the harpooneers the success of a whaling voyage largely depends, and since in the American Fishery he is not only an important officer in the boat, but under certain circumstances (night watches on a whaling ground) the command of the ship’s deck is also his; therefore the grand political maxim of the sea demands, that he should nominally live apart from the men before the mast, and be in some way distinguished as their professional superior; though always, by them, familiarly regarded as their social equal.
Now, the grand distinction drawn between officer and man at sea, is this—the first lives aft, the last forward.
Hence, in whale-ships and merchantmen alike, the mates have their quarters with the captain; and so, too, in most of the American whalers the harpooneers are lodged in the after part of the ship.
That is to say, they take their meals in the captain’s cabin, and sleep in a place indirectly communicating with it.
Though the long period of a Southern whaling voyage (by far the longest of all voyages now or ever made by man), the peculiar perils of it, and the community of interest prevailing among a company, all of whom, high or low, depend for their profits, not upon fixed wages, but upon their common luck, together with their common vigilance, intrepidity, and hard work; though all these things do in some cases tend to beget a less rigorous discipline than in merchantmen generally; yet, never mind how much like an old Mesopotamian family these whalemen may, in some primitive instances, live together; for all that, the punctilious externals, at least, of the quarter-deck are seldom materially relaxed, and in no instance done away.
Indeed, many are the Nantucket ships in which you will see the skipper parading his quarter-deck with an elated grandeur not surpassed in any military navy; nay, extorting almost as much outward homage as if he wore the imperial purple, and not the shabbiest of pilot-cloth.
And though of all men the moody captain of the Pequod was the least given to that sort of shallowest assumption; and though the only homage he ever exacted, was implicit, instantaneous obedience; though he required no man to remove the shoes from his feet ere stepping upon the quarter-deck; and though there were times when, owing to peculiar circumstances connected with events hereafter to be detailed, he addressed them in unusual terms, whether of condescension or in terrorem, or otherwise; yet even Captain Ahab was by no means unobservant of the paramount forms and usages of the sea.
Nor, perhaps, will it fail to be eventually perceived, that behind those forms and usages, as it were, he sometimes masked himself; incidentally making use of them for other and more private ends than they were legitimately intended to subserve.
That certain sultanism of his brain, which had otherwise in a good degree remained unmanifested; through those forms that same sultanism became incarnate in an irresistible dictatorship.
For be a man’s intellectual superiority what it will, it can never assume the practical, available supremacy over other men, without the aid of some sort of external arts and entrenchments, always, in themselves, more or less paltry and base.

Ahab well knew that although his friends at home would think little of his entering a boat in certain comparatively harmless vicissitudes of the chase, for the sake of being near the scene of action and giving his orders in person, yet for Captain Ahab to have a boat actually apportioned to him as a regular headsman in the hunt—above all for Captain Ahab to be supplied with five extra men, as that same boat’s crew, he well knew that such generous conceits never entered the heads of the owners of the Pequod.
Therefore he had not solicited a boat’s crew from them, nor had he in any way hinted his desires on that head.
Nevertheless he had taken private measures of his own touching all that matter.
Until Cabaco’s published discovery, the sailors had little foreseen it, though to be sure when, after being a little while out of port, all hands had concluded the customary business of fitting the whaleboats for service; when some time after this Ahab was now and then found bestirring himself in the matter of making thole-pins with his own hands for what was thought to be one of the spare boats, and even solicitously cutting the small wooden skewers, which when the line is running out are pinned over the groove in the bow: when all this was observed in him, and particularly his solicitude in having an extra coat of sheathing in the bottom of the boat, as if to make it better withstand the pointed pressure of his ivory limb; and also the anxiety he evinced in exactly shaping the thigh board, or clumsy cleat, as it is sometimes called, the horizontal piece in the boat’s bow for bracing the knee against in darting or stabbing at the whale; when it was observed how often he stood up in that boat with his solitary knee fixed in the semi-circular depression in the cleat, and with the carpenter’s chisel gouged out a little here and straightened it a little there; all these things, I say, had awakened much interest and curiosity at the time.
But almost everybody supposed that this particular preparative heedfulness in Ahab must only be with a view to the ultimate chase of Moby Dick; for he had already revealed his intention to hunt that mortal monster in person.
But such a supposition did by no means involve the remotest suspicion as to any boat’s crew being assigned to that boat.
Now, with the subordinate phantoms, what wonder remained soon waned away; for in a whaler wonders soon wane.
Besides, now and then such unaccountable odds and ends of strange nations come up from the unknown nooks and ash-holes of the earth to man these floating outlaws of whalers; and the ships themselves often pick up such queer castaway creatures found tossing about the open sea on planks, bits of wreck, oars, whaleboats, canoes, blown-off Japanese junks, and what not; that Beelzebub himself might climb up the side and step down into the cabin to chat with the captain, and it would not create any unsubduable excitement in the forecastle.
But be all this as it may, certain it is that while the subordinate phantoms soon found their place among the crew, though still as it were somehow distinct from them, yet that hair-turbaned Fedallah remained a muffled mystery to the last.
Whence he came in a mannerly world like this, by what sort of unaccountable tie he soon evinced himself to be linked with Ahab’s peculiar fortunes; nay, so far as to have some sort of a half-hinted influence; Heaven knows, but it might have been even authority over him; all this none knew.
But one cannot sustain an indifferent air concerning Fedallah.
He was such a creature as civilized, domestic people in the temperate zone only see in their dreams, and that but dimly; but the like of whom now and then glide among the unchanging Asiatic communities, especially the Oriental isles to the east of the continent—those insulated, immemorial, unalterable countries, which even in these modern days still preserve much of the ghostly aboriginalness of earth’s primal generations, when the memory of the first man was a distinct recollection, and all men his descendants, unknowing whence he came, eyed each other as real phantoms, and asked of the sun and the moon why they were created and to what end; when though, according to Genesis, the angels indeed consorted with the daughters of men, the devils also, add the uncanonical Rabbins, indulged in mundane amours.

One hot day the tiger walked abroad to take an airing, but, the sun being so hot, he turned aside to shelter under some leafy trees and there he fell asleep.
Presently he awoke, and on awaking he heard coming from overhead very melodious singing to which he listened enraptured.
It was the little insect, Shalymmen, chirping on a leaf, but she was so small the tiger could not see her, and, being so ignorant, he had no idea whose voice it was.
He peered to the branches right and left trying to discover the singer, but he only saw a company of monkeys at play in the trees, so he began to question them who it was that was singing above him.
Now the monkeys and all the jungle animals were perfectly familiar with the singing of Shalymmen and recognised the voice from afar.
They thought it very contemptible in the king to be more ignorant than themselves, and one audacious young monkey, in a spirit of mischief, answered that the singer was their youngest sister.
The other monkeys were perturbed when they heard their brother giving such an impudent answer, thinking that the tiger would be offended and would punish them with his great strength.
They were preparing to run away when, to their amazement, they heard the tiger replying to their rash young brother in a gentle voice and with most affable manners and saying to him, "You are my brother-in-law.
Your sister has the most beautiful voice in the jungle; I will make her my wife."
If the predicament of the monkeys was bad at the beginning, it was doubly so now, for they felt that, things having taken such an unexpected turn, it would be impossible to conceal from the knowledge of the tiger their brother's offence.
They determined, however, not to desert the young culprit, and if possible to try and rescue him, so they approached the tiger, and with much seeming courtesy and honour they put forward the excuse that their sister was very young and not yet of marriageable age.
This excuse made no impression on the king, for he said:
"So much the better.

History agrees that they kept a cord of four-foot wood on the table for toothpicks.
After supper they would sit on the deacon seat in the bunk shanty and sing "Shanty Boy" and "Bung Yer Eye" till the folks in the settlements down on the Atlantic would think another nor'wester was blowing up.
Some say the Seven Axemen were Bay Chaleur men; others declare they were all cousins and came from down Machias way.
Where they came from or where they went to blow their stake after leaving Paul's camp no one knows but they are remembered as husky lads and good fellows around camp.
After the Seven Axemen had gone down the tote road, never to return, Paul Bunyan was at a loss to find a method of cutting down trees that would give him anything like the output he had been getting.
Many trials and experiments followed and then Paul invented the two-man Saw.
The first saw was made from a strip trimmed off in making Big Joe's dinner horn and was long enough to reach across a quarter section, for Paul could never think in smaller units.
This saw worked all right in a level country, in spite of the fact that all the trees fell back on the saw, but in rough country only the trees on the hill tops were cut.
Trees in the valleys were cut off in the tops and in the pot holes the saw passed over the trees altogether.
It took a good man to pull this saw in heavy timber when Paul was working on the other end.
Paul used to say to his fellow sawyer, "I don't care if you ride the saw, but please don't drag your feet."
A couple of cousins of Big Ole's were given the job and did so well that ever afterward in the Lake States the saw crews have generally been Scandinavians.

To this U Riwbha replied, "Very true, my dear friend, very true, but do not take it amiss that I never thought of this before.
You know that I have much business on my hands, and have no leisure like many people to take my pleasures; but I have been too remiss towards you, and I must make haste to remedy my fault.
Give my greeting to your wife, and tell her that I will start from here to-morrow to come to pay you both a visit, and to give myself the pleasure of tasting a dish of her curry and rice."
Highly gratified and pleased, U Baduk hastened home to tell his wife of his friend's projected visit, and urged her to rouse herself and to cook the most savoury meal she was capable of.
She too was very pleased to hear that the man they respected and loved so much was coming to see them; but she said, "It has come very suddenly, when I am not prepared; we have neither fish nor rice in the house."
"That is indeed unfortunate," said the husband, "but we have kind neighbours from whom we have never asked a favour before.
You must go out and borrow what is wanted from them, for it would be too great a disgrace not to have food to place before our friend when he comes."
The wife went out as requested by her husband, but although she walked the whole length of the village there was no one who could spare her any rice or fish, and she returned home gloomy and disheartened and told her husband of her ill-success.
When U Baduk heard this bad news he was extremely troubled and said, "What sort of a world is this to live in, where a morsel of food cannot be obtained to offer hospitality to a friend?
It is better to die than to live."
Whereupon he seized a knife and stabbed himself to death.
When the wife saw that her good husband was dead, she was smitten with inconsolable grief, and she cried out, "What is there for me to live for now?

It is just like being in church.’
“‘Lots of people act well,’ answered the Miller; ‘but very few people talk well, which shows that talking is much the more difficult thing of the two, and much the finer thing also’; and he looked sternly across the table at his little son, who felt so ashamed of himself that he hung his head down, and grew quite scarlet, and began to cry into his tea.
However, he was so young that you must excuse him.”
“Is that the end of the story?” asked the Water-rat.
“Certainly not,” answered the Linnet, “that is the beginning.”
“Then you are quite behind the age,” said the Water-rat.
“Every good story-teller nowadays starts with the end, and then goes on to the beginning, and concludes with the middle.
That is the new method.
I heard all about it the other day from a critic who was walking round the pond with a young man.
He spoke of the matter at great length, and I am sure he must have been right, for he had blue spectacles and a bald head, and whenever the young man made any remark, he always answered ‘Pooh!’
But pray go on with your story.
I like the Miller immensely.
I have all kinds of beautiful sentiments myself, so there is a great sympathy between us.”
“Well,” said the Linnet, hopping now on one leg and now on the other, “as soon as the winter was over, and the primroses began to open their pale yellow stars, the Miller said to his wife that he would go down and see little Hans.
“‘Why, what a good heart you have!’ cried his Wife; ‘you are always thinking of others.
And mind you take the big basket with you for the flowers.’
“So the Miller tied the sails of the windmill together with a strong iron chain, and went down the hill with the basket on his arm.
“‘Good morning, little Hans,’ said the Miller.

Now then, my young man, Ishmael’s thy name, didn’t ye say?
Well then, down ye go here, Ishmael, for the three hundredth lay.”
“Captain Peleg,” said I, “I have a friend with me who wants to ship too—shall I bring him down to-morrow?”
“To be sure,” said Peleg.
“Fetch him along, and we’ll look at him.”
“What lay does he want?” groaned Bildad, glancing up from the book in which he had again been burying himself.
“Oh!
never thee mind about that, Bildad,” said Peleg.
“Has he ever whaled it any?” turning to me.
“Killed more whales than I can count, Captain Peleg.”
“Well, bring him along then.”
And, after signing the papers, off I went; nothing doubting but that I had done a good morning’s work, and that the Pequod was the identical ship that Yojo had provided to carry Queequeg and me round the Cape.
But I had not proceeded far, when I began to bethink me that the Captain with whom I was to sail yet remained unseen by me; though, indeed, in many cases, a whale-ship will be completely fitted out, and receive all her crew on board, ere the captain makes himself visible by arriving to take command; for sometimes these voyages are so prolonged, and the shore intervals at home so exceedingly brief, that if the captain have a family, or any absorbing concernment of that sort, he does not trouble himself much about his ship in port, but leaves her to the owners till all is ready for sea.
However, it is always as well to have a look at him before irrevocably committing yourself into his hands.
Turning back I accosted Captain Peleg, inquiring where Captain Ahab was to be found.
“And what dost thou want of Captain Ahab?
It’s all right enough; thou art shipped.”
“Yes, but I should like to see him.”
“But I don’t think thou wilt be able to at present.

Steady!
helmsman, steady.
Nay, nay!
Up helm again!
He turns to meet us!
Oh, his unappeasable brow drives on towards one, whose duty tells him he cannot depart.
My God, stand by me now!”
“Stand not by me, but stand under me, whoever you are that will now help Stubb; for Stubb, too, sticks here.
I grin at thee, thou grinning whale!
Who ever helped Stubb, or kept Stubb awake, but Stubb’s own unwinking eye?
And now poor Stubb goes to bed upon a mattrass that is all too soft; would it were stuffed with brushwood!
I grin at thee, thou grinning whale!
Look ye, sun, moon, and stars!

In came the master, and began to abuse him for his assurance.
"Oh, you know, master, you're to feed me, and wherever the goose goes won't have to be filled again till supper.
Are you sorry for our agreement?"
The master was going to cry out he was, but he bethought himself in time.
"Oh; no, not at all," said he.
"That's well," said Jack.
Next day Jack was to go clamp turf on the bog.
They weren't sorry to have him away from the kitchen at dinner time.
He didn't find his breakfast very heavy on his stomach; so he said to the mistress, "I think, ma'am, it will be better for me to get my dinner now, and not lose time coming home from the bog."
"That's true, Jack," said she.
So she brought out a good cake, and a print of butter, and a bottle of milk, thinking he'd take them away to the bog.
But Jack kept his seat, and never drew rein till bread, butter, and milk had gone down the red lane.

This was the defection of Kid Brady.
The Kid's easy defeat of Cyclone Dick Fisher had naturally created a sensation in sporting circles.
He had become famous in a night.
It was not with surprise, therefore, that Smith received from his fighting editor the information that he had been matched against one Eddie Wood, whose fame outshone even that of the late Cyclone.
The Kid, a white man to the core, exhibited quite a feudal loyalty to the paper which had raised him from the ruck and placed him on the road to eminence.
"Say the word," he said, "and I'll call it off.
If you feel you need me around here, Mr. Smith, say so, and I'll side-step Eddie."
"Comrade Brady," said Smith with enthusiasm, "I have had occasion before to call you sport.
I do so again.
But I'm not going to stand in your way.
If you eliminate this Comrade Wood, they will have to give you a chance against Jimmy Garvin, won't they?"
"I guess that's right," said the Kid.

We were out in mid-stream in a small rowing boat, moving quietly with the tide, when, just as the Hamburg steamer came in sight, a four-oared galley ran aboard of us, and the man who held the lines in it called out, "You have a returned transport there.
That's the man wrapped in the cloak.
His name is Abel Magwitch otherwise Provis.
I call upon him to surrender, and you to assist."
At once there was great confusion.
The steamer was right upon us, and I heard the order given to stop the paddles.
In the same moment I saw the steersman of the galley lay his hand on the prisoner's shoulder, and the prisoner start up, lean across his captor, and pull the cloak from the neck of a shrinking man in the galley.
Still in the same moment I saw that the face disclosed was the face of the other convict of long ago, and white terror was on it.
Then I heard a cry, and a loud splash in the water, and for an instant I seemed to struggle with a thousand mill weirs; the instant past, I was taken on board the galley.
Herbert was there, but our boat was gone, and the two convicts were gone.
Presently we saw a man swimming, but not swimming easily, and knew him to be Magwitch.
He was taken on board, and instantly menacled at the wrists and ankles.

Mr. Brooke, my tutor, doesn't stay here, you know, and I have no one to go about with me, so I just stop at home and get on as I can."
"That's bad.
You ought to make an effort and go visiting everywhere you are asked, then you'll have plenty of friends, and pleasant places to go to.
Never mind being bashful.
It won't last long if you keep going."
Laurie turned red again, but wasn't offended at being accused of bashfulness, for there was so much good will in Jo it was impossible not to take her blunt speeches as kindly as they were meant.
"Do you like your school?"
asked the boy, changing the subject, after a little pause, during which he stared at the fire and Jo looked about her, well pleased.
"Don't go to school, I'm a businessman girl, I mean.
I go to wait on my great-aunt, and a dear, cross old soul she is, too," answered Jo.
Laurie opened his mouth to ask another question, but remembering just in time that it wasn't manners to make too many inquiries into people's affairs, he shut it again, and looked uncomfortable.
Jo liked his good breeding, and didn't mind having a laugh at Aunt March, so she gave him a lively description of the fidgety old lady, her fat poodle, the parrot that talked Spanish, and the library where she reveled.

If John had not forgotten all about the jelly, it really would have been unpardonable in him to choose that day, of all the days in the year, to bring a friend home to dinner unexpectedly.
Congratulating himself that a handsome repast had been ordered that morning, feeling sure that it would be ready to the minute, and indulging in pleasant anticipations of the charming effect it would produce, when his pretty wife came running out to meet him, he escorted his friend to his mansion, with the irrepressible satisfaction of a young host and husband.
It is a world of disappointments, as John discovered when he reached the Dovecote.
The front door usually stood hospitably open.
Now it was not only shut, but locked, and yesterday's mud still adorned the steps.
The parlor windows were closed and curtained, no picture of the pretty wife sewing on the piazza, in white, with a distracting little bow in her hair, or a bright-eyed hostess, smiling a shy welcome as she greeted her guest.
Nothing of the sort, for not a soul appeared but a sanginary-looking boy asleep under the current bushes.
"I'm afraid something has happened.
Step into the garden, Scott, while I look up Mrs. Brooke," said John, alarmed at the silence and solitude.
Round the house he hurried, led by a pungent smell of burned sugar, and Mr. Scott strolled after him, with a queer look on his face.
He paused discreetly at a distance when Brooke disappeared, but he could both see and hear, and being a bachelor, enjoyed the prospect mightily.
In the kitchen reigned confusion and despair.

Then the giant picked up a stone and threw it so high that the eye could scarcely follow it.
“Now, little mite of a man, do that likewise.” “Well thrown,” said the tailor, “but after all the stone came down to earth again; I will throw you one which shall never come back at all.” And he put his hand into his pocket, took out the bird, and threw it into the air.
The bird, delighted with its liberty, rose, flew away and did not come back.
“How does that shot please you, comrade?” asked the tailor.
“Thou canst certainly throw,” said the giant, “but now we will see if thou art able to carry anything properly.” He took the little tailor to a mighty oak tree which lay there felled on the ground, and said, “If thou art strong enough, help me to carry the tree out of the forest.” “Readily,” answered the little man; “take thou the trunk on thy shoulders, and I will raise up the branches and twigs; after all, they are the heaviest.” The giant took the trunk on his shoulder, but the tailor seated himself on a branch, and the giant who could not look round, had to carry away the whole tree, and the little tailor into the bargain: he behind, was quite merry and happy, and whistled the song, “Three tailors rode forth from the gate,” as if carrying the tree were child’s play.
The giant, after he had dragged the heavy burden part of the way, could go no further, and cried, “Hark you, I shall have to let the tree fall!” The tailor sprang nimbly down, seized the tree with both arms as if he had been carrying it, and said to the giant, “Thou art such a great fellow, and yet canst not even carry the tree!”
They went on together, and as they passed a cherry-tree, the giant laid hold of the top of the tree where the ripest fruit was hanging, bent it down, gave it into the tailor’s hand, and bade him eat.
But the little tailor was much too weak to hold the tree, and when the giant let it go, it sprang back again, and the tailor was hurried into the air with it.
When he had fallen down again without injury, the giant said, “What is this?
Hast thou not strength enough to hold the weak twig?” “There is no lack of strength,” answered the little tailor.
“Dost thou think that could be anything to a man who has struck down seven at one blow?
I leapt over the tree because the huntsmen are shooting down there in the thicket.
Jump as I did, if thou canst do it.” The giant made the attempt, but could not get over the tree, and remained hanging in the branches, so that in this also the tailor kept the upper hand.

People wouldn't feel so bad about me if I was sick, and I don't deserve to have them, but I'd like to be loved and missed by a great many friends, so I'm going to try and be like Beth all I can.
I'm apt to forget my resolutions, but if I had something always about me to remind me, I guess I should do better.
May we try this way?"
"Yes, but I have more faith in the corner of the big closet.
Wear your ring, dear, and do your best.
I think you will prosper, for the sincere wish to be good is half the battle.
Now I must go back to Beth.
Keep up your heart, little daughter, and we will soon have you home again."
That evening while Meg was writing to her father to report the traveler's safe arrival, Jo slipped upstairs into Beth's room, and finding her mother in her usual place, stood a minute twisting her fingers in her hair, with a worried gesture and an undecided look.
"What is it, deary?"
asked Mrs. March, holding out her hand, with a face which invited confidence.
"I want to tell you something, Mother."

I’m frightfully hungry, and I’ve got any amount to say to Ratty here.
Haven’t seen him for an age.’
So the good-natured Mole, having cut some slices of ham, set the hedgehogs to fry it, and returned to his own breakfast, while the Otter and the Rat, their heads together, eagerly talked river-shop, which is long shop and talk that is endless, running on like the babbling river itself.
A plate of fried ham had just been cleared and sent back for more, when the Badger entered, yawning and rubbing his eyes, and greeted them all in his quiet, simple way, with kind enquiries for every one.
‘It must be getting on for luncheon time,’ he remarked to the Otter.
‘Better stop and have it with us.
You must be hungry, this cold morning.’
‘Rather!’ replied the Otter, winking at the Mole.
‘The sight of these greedy young hedgehogs stuffing themselves with fried ham makes me feel positively famished.’
The hedgehogs, who were just beginning to feel hungry again after their porridge, and after working so hard at their frying, looked timidly up at Mr. Badger, but were too shy to say anything.
‘Here, you two youngsters be off home to your mother,’ said the Badger kindly.
‘I’ll send some one with you to show you the way.
You won’t want any dinner to-day, I’ll be bound.’
He gave them sixpence apiece and a pat on the head, and they went off with much respectful swinging of caps and touching of forelocks.
Presently they all sat down to luncheon together.
The Mole found himself placed next to Mr. Badger, and, as the other two were still deep in river-gossip from which nothing could divert them, he took the opportunity to tell Badger how comfortable and home-like it all felt to him.

"Sara's mamma knows everything," piped in Lottie.
"So does my mamma 'cept Sara is my mamma at Miss Minchin's my other one knows everything.
The streets are shining, and there are fields and fields of lilies, and everybody gathers them.
Sara tells me when she puts me to bed."
"You wicked thing," said Lavinia, turning on Sara; "making fairy stories about heaven."
"There are much more splendid stories in Revelation," returned Sara.
"Just look and see!
How do you know mine are fairy stories?
But I can tell you" with a fine bit of unheavenly temper "you will never find out whether they are or not if you're not kinder to people than you are now.
Come along, Lottie."
And she marched out of the room, rather hoping that she might see the little servant again somewhere, but she found no trace of her when she got into the hall.
"Who is that little girl who makes the fires?"

And she kissed her and shook her clothes straight, and put her back upon her chair.
She had wished very much that some one would take the empty house next door.
She wished it because of the attic window which was so near hers.
It seemed as if it would be so nice to see it propped open someday and a head and shoulders rising out of the square aperture.
"If it looked a nice head," she thought, "I might begin by saying, 'Good morning,' and all sorts of things might happen.
But, of course, it's not really likely that anyone but under servants would sleep there."
One morning, on turning the corner of the square after a visit to the grocer's, the butcher's, and the baker's, she saw, to her great delight, that during her rather prolonged absence, a van full of furniture had stopped before the next house, the front doors were thrown open, and men in shirt sleeves were going in and out carrying heavy packages and pieces of furniture.
"It's taken!"
she said.
"It really IS taken!
Oh, I do hope a nice head will look out of the attic window!"
She would almost have liked to join the group of loiterers who had stopped on the pavement to watch the things carried in.

A woman, not very young, with an unpleasant face and a quantity of black hair, followed them.
"What have you brought home?"
she asked when she saw the boy.
"Don't be angry," he pleaded.
"I received nothing, I have nothing at all"; and he seized his mother's dress and would have kissed it.
Then they went into a little room.
I need not describe it, but only say that there stood in it an earthen pot with handles, made for holding fire, which in Italy is called a marito.
This pot she took in her lap, warmed her fingers, and pushed the boy with her elbow.
"Certainly you must have some money," she said.
The boy began to cry, and then she struck him till he cried aloud.
"Be quiet, or I'll break your screaming head."
She swung about the fire pot which she held in her hand, while the boy crouched to the earth and screamed.

The rest of the day he spent quietly in his own home with his wife, keeping out of sight of his servants, lest they should report his return to his master.
"You must never breathe a word to any one of how I escaped," Dhairya-Sila said, and his wife promised that she never would.
11.
When the vizier got this promise, what did he forget which could betray how he got down from the tower, if any one went to look at it?
12.
Do you think there was any need for the vizier to tell his wife to keep his secret?
All this time the Raja was feeling very unhappy, for he thought he had himself caused the death of the one man he could trust.
He was too proud to let anybody know that he missed Dhairya-Sila, and was longing to send for him from the tower before it was too late.
What then was his relief and surprise when a message was brought to him that the vizier was at the door of the palace and begged for an interview.
"Bring him in at once," cried Surya Pratap.
And the next moment Dhairya-Sila stood before his master, his hands folded on his breast and his head bent in token of his submission.
The attendants looked on, eager to know how he had got down from the tower, some of them anything but glad to see him back.

This will I give you in proof that you are my son, but take back your other, rash request."
"I have only one wish, to drive the chariot of the Sun," Phaeton answered stubbornly.
There was but one course left then for Apollo, because a god could never break his promise.
Without a word he led Phaeton to the great stable where he kept his lofty chariot.
The chariot was a gift of Vulcan to Apollo, and made of gold.
The axle was of gold, the pole and wheels also of gold, and the spokes of the brightest silver.
There were rows of chrysolites and diamonds along the seat that reflected the rays of the sun.
Apollo ordered the Hours to harness the horses and they led the steeds, full fed with ambrosia, from the stalls, and attached the reins.
As Phaeton, full of pride, watched he saw that Dawn had thrown open the purple gates of the east and his pathway, strewn with roses, stretched before him.
He seated himself in the chariot and took the reins.
Apollo anointed his son's face with a powerful unguent that would make it possible for him to endure the flaming heat of the sun.
He set the rays of light on his head and said sorrowfully, 
"If you will be so rash, I beg of you to hold the reins more tightly than you ever did before and spare the whip.

"I suppose you found it so?"
said Mr.
Ground Hog, sidling up toward her.
"What a tease you are!"
said his wife.
"You know that I am happy."
And really, of all the couples on whom the moon looked that night, there was not a happier one than this pair of Ground Hogs; and there was not a lonelier or more miserable person than the Mole, who guarded his own rights and told people what he thought of them.
But it is always so.
THE WILD TURKEYS COME 
The Wild Turkeys are a wandering people, and stay in one place only long enough to rear their young.
One could hardly say that they lived in the Forest, but every year when the acorns and beechnuts were ripe, they came for a visit.
It is always an exciting time when the Turkeys are seen gathering on the farther side of the river and making ready to fly over.
Some of the Forest People have started for the warmer country in the South, and those who still remain are either talking over their plans for flight, or working hard, if they are to spend the winter in the North, to get their stores of food ready.

Pandora continually kept saying to herself and to Epimetheus.
"And what in the world can be inside of it?"
"Always talking about this box!"
said Epimetheus, at last; for he had grown extremely tired of the subject.
"I wish, dear Pandora, you would try to talk of something else.
Come, let us go and gather some ripe figs, and eat them under the trees, for our supper.
And I know a vine that has the sweetest and juiciest grapes you ever tasted."
"Always talking about grapes and figs!"
cried Pandora, pettishly.
"Well, then," said Epimetheus, who was a very good-tempered child, like a multitude of children in those days, "let us run out and have a merry time with our playmates."
"I am tired of merry times, and don't care if I never have any more!"
answered our pettish little Pandora.

This is the end of the story of the monkey, the crab, and the persimmon-seed.
THE WHITE HARE AND THE CROCODILES 
Long, long ago, when all the animals could talk, there lived in the province of Inaba in Japan, a little white hare.
His home was on the island of Oki, and just across the sea was the mainland of Inaba.
Now the hare wanted very much to cross over to Inaba.
Day after day he would go out and sit on the shore and look longingly over the water in the direction of Inaba, and day after day he hoped to find some way of getting across.
One day as usual, the hare was standing on the beach, looking towards the mainland across the water, when he saw a great crocodile swimming near the island.
"This is very lucky!"
thought the hare.
"Now I shall be able to get my wish.
I will ask the crocodile to carry me across the sea!"
But he was doubtful whether the crocodile would consent to do what wanted.
So he thought instead of asking a favor he would try to get what he wanted by a trick.

THE BUNNIAH'S WIFE AND THE THIEF 
A Bunniah, or merchant, lying awake one night, saw a thief enter the room.
So he whispered to his wife: "Wife, wife, a thief is in the room; what are we to do?"
Now his wife was a very clever woman, and she replied: "Why are you waking me?
I was having such a fine dream."
"What did you dream?"
asked her husband.
"I dreamt that I had three fine sons, and they were named 'Mugwani,'
'Hajee,' and 'Chor.'"
(The last name means "thief.")
"What silly names!"
said the Bunniah.
"How could you call out to them?"
"By their names, of course," replied she.

"Stuff and nonsense!"
said the lad; "no harm if we have."
In a little while, back came the man with an ox so fat and big, the lad had never seen its like, and he gave it one blow with his fist under the ear, and down it fell dead on the floor.
When that was done, he took it up by all the four legs and laid it on the glowing embers, and turned it and twisted it about till it was burnt brown outside.
After that, he went to a cupboard and took out a great silver dish, and laid the ox on it; and the dish was so big that none of the ox hung over on any side.
This he put on the table, and then he went down into the cellar and fetched a cask of wine, knocked out the head, and put the cask on the table, together with two knives, which were each six feet long.
When this was done he bade them go and sit down to supper and eat.
So they went, the lad first and the old dame after, but she began to whimper and wail, and to wonder how she should ever use such knives.
But her son seized one, and began to cut slices out of the thigh of the ox, which he placed before his mother.
And when they had eaten a bit, he took up the cask with both hands, and lifted it down to the floor; then he told his mother to come and drink, but it was still so high she couldn't reach up to it; so he caught her up, and held her up to the edge of the cask while she drank; as for himself, he clambered up and hung down like a cat inside the cask while he drank.
So when he had quenched his thirst, he took up the cask and put it back on the table, and thanked the man for the good meal, and told his mother to come and thank him too, and, a-feared though she was, she dared do nothing else but thank the man.
Then the lad sat down again alongside the man and began to gossip, and after they had sat a while the man said:
"Well!

It was very small, very dark, very ugly, very incommodious.
It was an old-fashioned place, moreover, in the moral attribute that the partners in the House were proud of its smallness, proud of its darkness, proud of its ugliness, proud of its incommodiousness.
They were even boastful of its eminence in those particulars, and were fired by an express conviction that, if it were less objectionable, it would be less respectable.
This was no passive belief, but an active weapon which they flashed at more convenient places of business.
Tellson's (they said) wanted no elbow-room, Tellson's wanted no light, Tellson's wanted no embellishment.
Noakes and Co.'s might, or Snooks Brothers' might; but Tellson's, thank Heaven !
Any one of these partners would have disinherited his son on the question of rebuilding Tellson's.
In this respect the House was much on a par with the Country; which did very often disinherit its sons for suggesting improvements in laws and customs that had long been highly objectionable, but were only the more respectable.
Thus it had come to pass, that Tellson's was the triumphant perfection of inconvenience.
After bursting open a door of idiotic obstinacy with a weak rattle in its throat, you fell into Tellson's down two steps, and came to your senses in a miserable little shop, with two little counters, where the oldest of men made your cheque shake as if the wind rustled it, while they examined the signature by the dingiest of windows, which were always under a shower-bath of mud from Fleet-street, and which were made the dingier by their own iron bars proper, and the heavy shadow of Temple Bar.
If your business necessitated your seeing “the House,” you were put into a species of Condemned Hold at the back, where you meditated on a misspent life, until the House came with its hands in its pockets, and you could hardly blink at it in the dismal twilight.
Your money came out of, or went into, wormy old wooden drawers, particles of which flew up your nose and down your throat when they were opened and shut.

"Thank you, sir.
Will there be anything further?
Good night, sir."
And he floated out, leaving us to discuss details.
Until we started this business of floating old Chiswick as a money-making proposition I had never realized what a perfectly foul time those Stock Exchange chappies must have when the public isn't biting freely.
Nowadays I read that bit they put in the financial reports about "The market opened quietly" with a sympathetic eye, for, by Jove, it certainly opened quietly for us!
You'd hardly believe how difficult it was to interest the public and make them take a flutter on the old boy.
By the end of the week the only name we had on our list was a delicatessen-store keeper down in Bicky's part of the town, and as he wanted us to take it out in sliced ham instead of cash that didn't help much.
There was a gleam of light when the brother of Bicky's pawnbroker offered ten dollars, money down, for an introduction to old Chiswick, but the deal fell through, owing to its turning out that the chap was an anarchist and intended to kick the old boy instead of shaking hands with him.
At that, it took me the deuce of a time to persuade Bicky not to grab the cash and let things take their course.
He seemed to regard the pawnbroker's brother rather as a sportsman and benefactor of his species than otherwise.
The whole thing, I'm inclined to think, would have been off if it hadn't been for Jeeves.

It was not a very long chase.
The monkey prolonged it a few minutes evidently for the mere fun of it, but presently he sprang chattering on to Ram Dass's shoulder and sat there chattering and clinging to his neck with a weird little skinny arm.
Ram Dass thanked Sara profoundly.
She had seen that his quick native eyes had taken in at a glance all the bare shabbiness of the room, but he spoke to her as if he were speaking to the little daughter of a rajah, and pretended that he observed nothing.
He did not presume to remain more than a few moments after he had caught the monkey, and those moments were given to further deep and grateful obeisance to her in return for her indulgence.
This little evil one, he said, stroking the monkey, was, in truth, not so evil as he seemed, and his master, who was ill, was sometimes amused by him.
He would have been made sad if his favorite had run away and been lost.
Then he salaamed once more and got through the skylight and across the slates again with as much agility as the monkey himself had displayed.
When he had gone Sara stood in the middle of her attic and thought of many things his face and his manner had brought back to her.
The sight of his native costume and the profound reverence of his manner stirred all her past memories.
It seemed a strange thing to remember that she the drudge whom the cook had said insulting things to an hour ago had only a few years ago been surrounded by people who all treated her as Ram Dass had treated her; who salaamed when she went by, whose foreheads almost touched the ground when she spoke to them, who were her servants and her slaves.
It was like a sort of dream.

Mrs. Southcott had recently attained her five-and-twentieth blessed birthday, of whom a prophetic private in the Life Guards had heralded the sublime appearance by announcing that arrangements were made for the swallowing up of London and Westminster.
Even the Cock-lane ghost had been laid only a round dozen of years, after rapping out its messages, as the spirits of this very year last past (supernaturally deficient in originality) rapped out theirs.
Mere messages in the earthly order of events had lately come to the English Crown and People, from a congress of British subjects in America: which, strange to relate, have proved more important to the human race than any communications yet received through any of the chickens of the Cock-lane brood.
France, less favoured on the whole as to matters spiritual than her sister of the shield and trident, rolled with exceeding smoothness down hill, making paper money and spending it.
Under the guidance of her Christian pastors, she entertained herself, besides, with such humane achievements as sentencing a youth to have his hands cut off, his tongue torn out with pincers, and his body burned alive, because he had not kneeled down in the rain to do honour to a dirty procession of monks which passed within his view, at a distance of some fifty or sixty yards.
It is likely enough that, rooted in the woods of France and Norway, there were growing trees, when that sufferer was put to death, already marked by the Woodman, Fate, to come down and be sawn into boards, to make a certain movable framework with a sack and a knife in it, terrible in history.
It is likely enough that in the rough outhouses of some tillers of the heavy lands adjacent to Paris, there were sheltered from the weather that very day, rude carts, bespattered with rustic mire, snuffed about by pigs, and roosted in by poultry, which the Farmer, Death, had already set apart to be his tumbrils of the Revolution.
But that Woodman and that Farmer, though they work unceasingly, work silently, and no one heard them as they went about with muffled tread: the rather, forasmuch as to entertain any suspicion that they were awake, was to be atheistical and traitorous.
In England, there was scarcely an amount of order and protection to justify much national boasting.
Daring burglaries by armed men, and highway robberies, took place in the capital itself every night; families were publicly cautioned not to go out of town without removing their furniture to upholsterers' warehouses for security; the highwayman in the dark was a City tradesman in the light, and, being recognised and challenged by his fellow-tradesman whom he stopped in his character of “the Captain,” gallantly shot him through the head and rode away; the mail was waylaid by seven robbers, and the guard shot three dead, and then got shot dead himself by the other four, “in consequence of the failure of his ammunition:” after which the mail was robbed in peace; that magnificent potentate, the Lord Mayor of London, was made to stand and deliver on Turnham Green, by one highwayman, who despoiled the illustrious creature in sight of all his retinue; prisoners in London gaols fought battles with their turnkeys, and the majesty of the law fired blunderbusses in among them, loaded with rounds of shot and ball; thieves snipped off diamond crosses from the necks of noble lords at Court drawing-rooms; musketeers went into St. Giles's, to search for contraband goods, and the mob fired on the musketeers, and the musketeers fired on the mob, and nobody thought any of these occurrences much out of the common way.
In the midst of them, the hangman, ever busy and ever worse than useless, was in constant requisition; now, stringing up long rows of miscellaneous criminals; now, hanging a housebreaker on Saturday who had been taken on Tuesday; now, burning people in the hand at Newgate by the dozen, and now burning pamphlets at the door of Westminster Hall; to-day, taking the life of an atrocious murderer, and to-morrow of a wretched pilferer who had robbed a farmer's boy of sixpence.
All these things, and a thousand like them, came to pass in and close upon the dear old year one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five.

“This letter cannot be allowed to remain in your hands.”
“It’s for you for you!
I’ve brought it you on purpose!” cried Lebedeff, excitedly.
“Why, I’m yours again now, heart and hand, your slave; there was but a momentary pause in the flow of my love and esteem for you.
Mea culpa, mea culpa!
as the Pope of Rome says.”
“This letter should be sent on at once,” said the prince, disturbed.
“I’ll hand it over myself.”
“Wouldn’t it be better, esteemed prince, wouldn’t it be better to don’t you know ”
Lebedeff made a strange and very expressive grimace; he twisted about in his chair, and did something, apparently symbolical, with his hands.
“What do you mean?” said the prince.
“Why, open it, for the time being, don’t you know?” he said, most confidentially and mysteriously.
The prince jumped up so furiously that Lebedeff ran towards the door; having gained which strategic position, however, he stopped and looked back to see if he might hope for pardon.
“Oh, Lebedeff, Lebedeff!
Can a man really sink to such depths of meanness?” said the prince, sadly.
Lebedeff’s face brightened.

The present specimen of the genus was a wilted and smoke-dried man, wrinkled and red-nosed, in a smartly cut, brown, bobtailed coat, with brass buttons, who, for a length of time unknown, had kept his desk and corner in the bar-room, and was still puffing what seemed to be the same cigar that he had lighted twenty years before.
He had great fame as a dry joker, though, perhaps, less on account of any intrinsic humor than from a certain flavor of brandy-toddy and tobacco-smoke, which impregnated all his ideas and expressions, as well as his person.
Another well-remembered, though strangely altered, face was that of Lawyer Giles, as people still called him in courtesy; an elderly ragamuffin, in his soiled shirtsleeves and tow-cloth trousers.
This poor fellow had been an attorney, in what he called his better days, a sharp practitioner, and in great vogue among the village litigants; but flip, and sling, and toddy, and cocktails, imbibed at all hours, morning, noon, and night, had caused him to slide from intellectual to various kinds and degrees of bodily labor, till at last, to adopt his own phrase, he slid into a soap-vat.
In other words, Giles was now a soap-boiler, in a small way.
He had come to be but the fragment of a human being, a part of one foot having been chopped off by an axe, and an entire hand torn away by the devilish grip of a steam-engine.
Yet, though the corporeal hand was gone, a spiritual member remained; for, stretching forth the stump, Giles steadfastly averred that he felt an invisible thumb and fingers with as vivid a sensation as before the real ones were amputated.
A maimed and miserable wretch he was; but one, nevertheless, whom the world could not trample on, and had no right to scorn, either in this or any previous stage of his misfortunes, since he had still kept up the courage and spirit of a man, asked nothing in charity, and with his one hand and that the left one fought a stern battle against want and hostile circumstances.
Among the throng, too, came another personage, who, with certain points of similarity to Lawyer Giles, had many more of difference.
It was the village doctor; a man of some fifty years, whom, at an earlier period of his life, we introduced as paying a professional visit to Ethan Brand during the latter's supposed insanity.
He was now a purple-visaged, rude, and brutal, yet half-gentlemanly figure, with something wild, ruined, and desperate in his talk, and in all the details of his gesture and manners.
Brandy possessed this man like an evil spirit, and made him as surly and savage as a wild beast, and as miserable as a lost soul; but there was supposed to be in him such wonderful skill, such native gifts of healing, beyond any which medical science could impart, that society caught hold of him, and would not let him sink out of its reach.

They tried, shouting out one the one and the other the other, but the papa said:
"Oh no!
That won't work.
I've had that sort of thing tried on me before, and it never works.
I heard you whispering what you would do, and you have simply added the crime of double-dealing to the crime of inattention.
The story has stopped, and stopped forever."
The nephew stretched himself and then sat up in bed.
"Well, it had got to the end, anyway."
"Oh, had it?
What became of the wicked enchantress?"
The nephew lay down again, in considerable dismay.
"Uncle," said the niece, very coaxingly, "I didn't say it had come to the end."
"But it has," said the papa.

"Go on, please," said Laurie, as Jo became absorbed in her work, looking a trifle displeased.
"Oh, didn't she tell you about this new plan of ours?
Well, we have tried not to waste our holiday, but each has had a task and worked at it with a will.
The vacation is nearly over, the stints are all done, and we are ever so glad that we didn't dawdle."
"Yes, I should think so," and Laurie thought regretfully of his own idle days.
"Mother likes to have us out-of-doors as much as possible, so we bring our work here and have nice times.
For the fun of it we bring our things in these bags, wear the old hats, use poles to climb the hill, and play pilgrims, as we used to do years ago.
We call this hill the Delectable Mountain, for we can look far away and see the country where we hope to live some time."
Jo pointed, and Laurie sat up to examine, for through an opening in the wood one could look cross the wide, blue river, the meadows on the other side, far over the outskirts of the great city, to the green hills that rose to meet the sky.
The sun was low, and the heavens glowed with the splendor of an autumn sunset.
Gold and purple clouds lay on the hilltops, and rising high into the ruddy light were silvery white peaks that shone like the airy spires of some Celestial City.
"How beautiful that is!"

Their blouses were red, with a golden galloon around the neck, and they were so much alike that one could hardly be recognized from another.
The royal messengers approached.
"Whose field is this?"
they asked; "this field with golden wheat?"
The seven brave peasants answered cheerfully:
"This is our field; we plowed it, and we also have sown the golden wheat."
"And what kind of people are you?"
"We are the Tsar Archidei Aggeivitch's peasants, farmers, and we are brothers, sons of one father and mother.
The name for all of us is Simeon, so you understand we are seven Simeons."
This answer was faithfully delivered to the Tsar Archidei by the envoys, and the Tsar at once desired to see the brave peasants, and ordered them to be called before him.
The seven Simeons presently appeared and bowed.
The Tsar looked at them with his bright eyes and asked them:
"What kind of people are you whose field is so well cultivated?"
One of the seven brothers, the eldest of them, answered:
"We are all thy peasants, simpletons, without any wisdom, born of peasant parents, all of us children of the same father and the same mother, and all having the same name, Simeon.

You would not think Ralph the Raven half so wise and so good as he is, though you see him here reading his book.
Yet when the Prophet Elijah, was obliged to fly from Ahab King of Israel, and hide himself in a Cave, the Ravens, at the Command of God Almighty, fed him every Day, and preserved his Life.
And the Word of the Lord came unto Elijah, saying, Hide thyself by the Brook Cherith, that is before Jordan, and I have commanded the Ravens to feed thee there.
And the Ravens brought him Bread and Flesh in the Morning, and Bread and Flesh in the Evening, and he drank of the Brook, Kings, B.I.C.
17.
And the pretty Pidgeon when the World was drowned, and he was confined with Noah in the Ark, was sent forth by him to see whether the Waters were abated, And he sent forth a Dove from him, to see if the Waters were abated from off the Face of the Ground.
And the Dove came in to him in the Evening, and lo, in her Mouth was an Olive Leaf plucked off: So Noah knew that the Waters were abated from off the Earth.
Gen. viii.
8.
11.
As these, and other Animals, are so sensible and kind to us, we ought to be tender and good to them, and not beat them about, and kill them, and take away their young ones, as many wicked Boys do.
Does not the Horse and the Ass carry you and your burthens; don't the Ox plough your Ground, the Cow give you Milk, the Sheep cloath your Back, the Dog watch your House, the Goose find you in Quills to write with, the Hen bring Eggs for your Custards and Puddings, and the Cock call you up in the Morning, when you are lazy, and like to hurt yourselves by laying too long in Bed?

He was very rich and handsome, and when he heard all that was said about Pretty Goldilocks, though he had never seen her, he fell so deeply in love with her that he could neither eat nor drink.
So he resolved to send an ambassador to ask her in marriage.
He had a splendid carriage made for his ambassador, and gave him more than a hundred horses and a hundred servants, and told him to be sure and bring the Princess back with him.
After he had started nothing else was talked of at Court, and the King felt so sure that the Princess would consent that he set his people to work at pretty dresses and splendid furniture, that they might be ready by the time she came.
Meanwhile, the ambassador arrived at the Princess’s palace and delivered his little message, but whether she happened to be cross that day, or whether the compliment did not please her, is not known.
She only answered that she was very much obliged to the King, but she had no wish to be married.
The ambassador set off sadly on his homeward way, bringing all the King’s presents back with him, for the Princess was too well brought up to accept the pearls and diamonds when she would not accept the King, so she had only kept twenty-five English pins that he might not be vexed.
When the ambassador reached the city, where the King was waiting impatiently, everybody was very much annoyed with him for not bringing the Princess, and the King cried like a baby, and nobody could console him.
Now there was at the Court a young man, who was more clever and handsome than anyone else.
He was called Charming, and everyone loved him, excepting a few envious people who were angry at his being the King’s favorite and knowing all the State secrets.
He happened to one day be with some people who were speaking of the ambassador’s return and saying that his going to the Princess had not done much good, when Charming said rashly:
“If the King had sent me to the Princess Goldilocks I am sure she would have come back with me.”
His enemies at once went to the King and said:
“You will hardly believe, sire, what Charming has the audacity to say that if he had been sent to the Princess Goldilocks she would certainly have come back with him.
He seems to think that he is so much handsomer than you that the Princess would have fallen in love with him and followed him willingly.” The King was very angry when he heard this.

When people in our set are introduced, it is customary for them to ask each other's age, and so Wendy, who always liked to do the correct thing, asked Peter how old he was.
It was not really a happy question to ask him; it was like an examination paper that asks grammar, when what you want to be asked is Kings of England.
“I don't know,” he replied uneasily, “but I am quite young.” He really knew nothing about it, he had merely suspicions, but he said at a venture, “Wendy, I ran away the day I was born.”
Wendy was quite surprised, but interested; and she indicated in the charming drawing-room manner, by a touch on her night-gown, that he could sit nearer her.
“It was because I heard father and mother,” he explained in a low voice, “talking about what I was to be when I became a man.” He was extraordinarily agitated now.
“I don't want ever to be a man,” he said with passion.
“I want always to be a little boy and to have fun.
So I ran away to Kensington Gardens and lived a long long time among the fairies.”
She gave him a look of the most intense admiration, and he thought it was because he had run away, but it was really because he knew fairies.
Wendy had lived such a home life that to know fairies struck her as quite delightful.
She poured out questions about them, to his surprise, for they were rather a nuisance to him, getting in his way and so on, and indeed he sometimes had to give them a hiding [spanking].
Still, he liked them on the whole, and he told her about the beginning of fairies.
“You see, Wendy, when the first baby laughed for the first time, its laugh broke into a thousand pieces, and they all went skipping about, and that was the beginning of fairies.”
Tedious talk this, but being a stay-at-home she liked it.
“And so,” he went on good-naturedly, “there ought to be one fairy for every boy and girl.”
“Ought to be?

“‘It is locked up,’ I answered.
“‘Oh, any old key will fit that bureau.
When I was a youngster I have opened it myself with the key of the box-room cupboard.’
“He often had a wild way of talking, so that I thought little of what he said.
He followed me to my room, however, that night with a very grave face.
“‘Look here, dad,’ said he with his eyes cast down, ‘can you let me have £ 200?’
“‘No, I cannot!’ I answered sharply.
‘I have been far too generous with you in money matters.’
“‘You have been very kind,’ said he, ‘but I must have this money, or else I can never show my face inside the club again.’
“‘And a very good thing, too!’ I cried.
“‘Yes, but you would not have me leave it a dishonoured man,’ said he.
‘I could not bear the disgrace.
I must raise the money in some way, and if you will not let me have it, then I must try other means.’
“I was very angry, for this was the third demand during the month.
‘You shall not have a farthing from me,’ I cried, on which he bowed and left the room without another word.
“When he was gone I unlocked my bureau, made sure that my treasure was safe, and locked it again.
Then I started to go round the house to see that all was secure—a duty which I usually leave to Mary but which I thought it well to perform myself that night.

Then his brain gives way.
With a scream, he tosses his hands above his head and, lurching forward, falls dead, his face in the foam of the waves.
High up in the sky, over Barren Lands and Arctic Ocean, the Northern lights reel, twist and swirl, in their eternal dance of madness.
Now and then in the far north, a trader adopts an Eskimo boy, always an orphan, and brings him up at the Station.
When the boy reaches manhood he generally remains at the Post, acting as a general servant and interpreter.
While his usefulness as a “jack of all trades” is great, his efficiency in English is invariably poor.
No pure Eskimo can understand and speak fluently any other language but his own, and, although he is quite capable of remembering hundreds of foreign words, he has a very hazy notion of what these words really mean.
I remember well a certain Post servant called “Nero”.
No one knew how he got that strange name.
He was about sixty years old and thought himself head and shoulders above any other native in the country.
Wise to the ways of white men, the equal of any other Eskimo in traveling and hunting, he was a well known character within a radius of five hundred miles.
One summer I was traveling with him along the eastern coast of Hudson Bay.

Was it possible for the monkey to bear the weight of the mortar falling on him from the top of the gate?
He lay crushed and in great pain, quite unable to get up.
As he lay there helpless the young crab came up, and, holding his great claw scissors over the monkey, he said:
"Do you now remember that you murdered my father?"
"Then you are my enemy?"
gasped the monkey brokenly.
"Of course," said the young crab.
"It was your father's fault not mine!"
gasped the unrepentant monkey.
"Can you still lie?
I will soon put an end to your breath!"
and with that he cut off the monkey's head with his pitcher claws.
Thus the wicked monkey met his well-merited punishment, and the young crab avenged his father's death.

How could you have consoled her!
I cannot express my own abhorrence of myself.
Whenever I looked towards the past, I saw some duty neglected, or some failing indulged.
Every body seemed injured by me.
The kindness, the unceasing kindness of Mrs. Jennings, I had repaid with ungrateful contempt.
To the Middletons, to the Palmers, the Steeles, to every common acquaintance even, I had been insolent and unjust; with a heart hardened against their merits, and a temper irritated by their very attention.
To John, to Fanny, yes, even to them, little as they deserve, I had given less than their due.
But you, you above all, above my mother, had been wronged by me.
I, and only I, knew your heart and its sorrows; yet to what did it influence me?
not to any compassion that could benefit you or myself.
Your example was before me; but to what avail?
Was I more considerate of you and your comfort?

Next day the bird, prompted by the other bird, would go no more into the wood, saying that he had been servant long enough, and had been made a fool of by them, and that they must change about for once, and try to arrange it in another way.
And, though the mouse and the sausage also begged most earnestly, the bird would have his way, and said it must be tried.
They cast lots about it, and the lot fell on the sausage who was to carry wood, the mouse became cook, and the bird was to fetch water.
What happened?
The little sausage went out towards the wood, the little bird lighted the fire, the mouse stayed by the pot and waited alone until little sausage came home and brought wood for next day.
But the little sausage stayed so long on the road that they both feared something was amiss, and the bird flew out a little way in the air to meet it.
Not far off, however, it met a dog on the road who had fallen on the poor sausage as lawful booty, and had seized and swallowed it.
The bird charged the dog with an act of barefaced robbery, but it was in vain to speak, for the dog said he had found forged letters on the sausage, on which account its life was forfeited to him.
The bird sadly took up the wood, flew home, and related what he had seen and heard.
They were much troubled, but agreed to do their best and remain together.
The bird therefore laid the cloth, and the mouse made ready the food, and wanted to dress it, and to get into the pot as the sausage used to do, and roll and creep amongst the vegetables to mix them; but before she got into the midst of them she was stopped, and lost her skin and hair and life in the attempt.
When the bird came to carry up the dinner, no cook was there.

"I can endure it no longer," said he.
"How beautiful it looks when it stretches out its tongue!"
The night was long, but it did not appear so to the Snow Man, who stood there enjoying his own reflections and crackling with the cold.
In the morning the window-panes of the housekeeper's room were covered with ice.
They were the most beautiful ice flowers any Snow Man could desire, but they concealed the stove.
These window-panes would not thaw, and he could see nothing of the stove, which he pictured to himself as if it had been a beautiful human being.
The snow crackled and the wind whistled around him; it was just the kind of frosty weather a Snow Man ought to enjoy thoroughly.
But he did not enjoy it.
How, indeed, could he enjoy anything when he was so stove-sick?
"That is a terrible disease for a Snow Man to have," said the yard dog.
"I have suffered from it myself, but I got over it.
Away, away!"

[They fight.
THE PRINCE OF PARADINE is slain.]
ST. PATRICK.
Now Prince of Paradine is dead, And all his joys entirely fled, Take him and give him to the flies.
That he may never more come near my eyes.
[Enter KING OF EGYPT.]
KING.
I am the King of Egypt, as plainly doth appear; I am come to seek my son, my only son and heir.
ST. PATRICK.
He's slain!
That's the worst of it.
KING.

"Cannot anything be done to spare it?"
asked the man.
"Yes, it can be spared by the sacrifice of another, and that one must be your son."
"I will give not only my son's life, but the lives of all my family and my own," replied the man; "but, if you want only my son, you may have him."
Then he went and told his son, who said: "Gladly will I give my life, for what is it in comparison with the life of a Rajah?
Come, father, take me soon that I may die."
Then the man led his son to the veiled figure, and said: "Here is my son; he is willing to die."
Taking a knife, he was about to plunge it into his child when the figure cried: "Enough!
You have proved that you were willing not only to give your son, but your whole family, and the Almighty is pleased to spare the Rajah's life for another seven years."
Now the Rajah, who had heard every word of the interview, quickly returned to the spot where he had first heard the voice, and there awaited his servant's return.
"Well, what was the sound?"
asked he, when he saw him.

***
Edward returned to them with fresh admiration of the surrounding country; in his walk to the village, he had seen many parts of the valley to advantage; and the village itself, in a much higher situation than the cottage, afforded a general view of the whole, which had exceedingly pleased him.
This was a subject which ensured Marianne's attention, and she was beginning to describe her own admiration of these scenes, and to question him more minutely on the objects that had particularly struck him, when Edward interrupted her by saying, "You must not enquire too far, Marianne remember I have no knowledge in the picturesque, and I shall offend you by my ignorance and want of taste if we come to particulars.
I shall call hills steep, which ought to be bold; surfaces strange and uncouth, which ought to be irregular and rugged; and distant objects out of sight, which ought only to be indistinct through the soft medium of a hazy atmosphere.
You must be satisfied with such admiration as I can honestly give.
I call it a very fine country the hills are steep, the woods seem full of fine timber, and the valley looks comfortable and snug with rich meadows and several neat farm houses scattered here and there.
It exactly answers my idea of a fine country, because it unites beauty with utility and I dare say it is a picturesque one too, because you admire it; I can easily believe it to be full of rocks and promontories, grey moss and brush wood, but these are all lost on me.
I know nothing of the picturesque."
"I am afraid it is but too true," said Marianne; "but why should you boast of it?"
"I suspect," said Elinor, "that to avoid one kind of affectation, Edward here falls into another.
Because he believes many people pretend to more admiration of the beauties of nature than they really feel, and is disgusted with such pretensions, he affects greater indifference and less discrimination in viewing them himself than he possesses.
He is fastidious and will have an affectation of his own."
"It is very true," said Marianne, "that admiration of landscape scenery is become a mere jargon.

But you may ask me, if you please, how much trouble and worry I, personally, had over that business, and especially with this same Gurot!
Would you believe it,” he continued, addressing the dignitary, “they actually tried to put in a claim under the deceased’s will, and I had to resort to the very strongest measures in order to bring them to their senses?
I assure you they knew their cue, did these gentlemen wonderful!
Thank goodness all this was in Moscow, and I got the Court, you know, to help me, and we soon brought them to their senses.”
“You wouldn’t believe how you have pained and astonished me,” cried the prince.
“Very sorry; but in point of fact, you know, it was all nonsense and would have ended in smoke, as usual I’m sure of that.
Last year,” he turned to the old man again, “Countess K. joined some Roman Convent abroad.
Our people never seem to be able to offer any resistance so soon as they get into the hands of these intriguers especially abroad.”
“That is all thanks to our lassitude, I think,” replied the old man, with authority.
“And then their way of preaching; they have a skilful manner of doing it!
And they know how to startle one, too.
I got quite a fright myself in ’32, in Vienna, I assure you; but I didn’t cave in to them, I ran away instead, ha, ha!”
“Come, come, I’ve always heard that you ran away with the beautiful Countess Levitsky that time throwing up everything in order to do it and not from the Jesuits at all,” said Princess Bielokonski, suddenly.
“Well, yes but we call it from the Jesuits, you know; it comes to the same thing,” laughed the old fellow, delighted with the pleasant recollection.
“You seem to be very religious,” he continued, kindly, addressing the prince, “which is a thing one meets so seldom nowadays among young people.”
The prince was listening open-mouthed, and still in a condition of excited agitation.

“What!
are they all off?
Is it all over?
Is the sun up?” He trembled, and caught at the prince’s hand.
“What time is it?
Tell me, quick, for goodness’ sake!
How long have I slept?” he added, almost in despair, just as though he had overslept something upon which his whole fate depended.
“You have slept seven or perhaps eight minutes,” said Evgenie Pavlovitch.
Hippolyte gazed eagerly at the latter, and mused for a few moments.
“Oh, is that all?” he said at last.
“Then I ”
He drew a long, deep breath of relief, as it seemed.
He realized that all was not over as yet, that the sun had not risen, and that the guests had merely gone to supper.

1.
What special qualities did the king display when he gave these orders to his subjects?
2.
Can you think of any other advice the king might have given?
In a moment all the pigeons, who were accustomed to obey their leader, did as they were bid; each little bird seized a separate thread of the net in his beak and up, up, up, they all flew, looking very beautiful with the sunlight gleaming on their white wings.
Very soon they were out of sight; and the man, who thought he had hit upon a very clever plan, came forth from his hiding-place, very much surprised at what had happened.
He stood gazing up after his vanished net for a little time, and then went away muttering to himself, whilst the wise old crow laughed at him.
When the pigeons had flown some distance, and were beginning to get exhausted, for the net was heavy and they were quite unused to carrying loads, the king bade them rest awhile in a clearing of the forest; and as they all lay on the ground panting for breath, with the cruel net still hampering them, he said:
"What we must do now is to take this horrible net to my old friend Hiranya the mouse, who will, I am quite sure, nibble through the strings for me and set us all free.
He lives, as you all know, near the tree where the net was spread, deep underground; but there are many passages leading to his home, and we shall easily find one of the openings.
Once there, we will all lift up our voices, and call to him at once, when he will be sure to hear us."
So the weary pigeons took up their burden once more, and sped back whence they had come, greatly to the surprise of the crow, who wondered at their coming back to the very place where misfortune had overtaken them.
He very soon learnt the reason, and got so excited watching what was going on, that he hopped out of his nest and perched upon a branch where he could see better.

"No," said the lad, he'd be sure not to do that.
But when the man had been gone three or four days, the lad couldn't bear it any longer, but went into the first room, and when he got inside he looked round, but he saw nothing but a shelf over the door where a bramble-bush rod lay.
Well, indeed!
thought the lad; a pretty thing to forbid my seeing this.
So when the eight days were out, the man came home, and the first thing he said was:
"You haven't been into any of these rooms, of course."
"No, no; that I haven't," said the lad.
"I'll soon see that," said the man, and went at once into the room where the lad had been.
"Nay, but you have been in here," said he; "and now you shall lose your life."
Then the lad begged and prayed so hard that he got off with his life, but the man gave him a good thrashing.
And when it was over, they were as good friends as ever.
Some time after the man set off again, and said he should be away fourteen days; but before he went he forbade the lad to go into any of the rooms he had not been in before; as for that he had been in, he might go into that, and welcome.
Well, it was the same story over again, except that the lad stood out eight days before he went in.

if the hubbub were great before,   It was now some two or three million times more.
Crash!
went the wee crocks and the clocks; and the locks   Of each little wee box were stove in by hard knocks;   And then there were oaths, and prayers, and cries:
  "Take care" "See there" "O, dear, my eyes!"
"I am killed!"
"I am drowned!"
with groans and sighs,   Till to land they drew.
"Yeo-ho!
Pull to   Tiller-rope thro' and thro'!"
And all's right anew.
"Now, jump upon shore, ye queer little oddities.
(Eh, what is this?
.

Grandpa took naps in the afternoon on the piazza, and he was dozing comfortably when Jocko swung down from the grape-vine by his long tail, and tickled the old gentleman on the nose with a straw.
Grandpa sneezed, and opened one eye to brush away the fly as he supposed.
Then he went to sleep again, and Jocko dropped a caterpillar on his bald head; this made him open the other eye to see what that soft, creepy thing could be.
Neddy couldn't help laughing, for he often wanted to do just such things, but never dared, because grandpa was a very stern old gentleman, and no one took liberties with him.
Jocko wasn't afraid, however; and presently he crept to the table, stole the glasses lying there, put them on, and taking up the paper held it before him, chattering as if he were reading it, as he had seen people do.
Neddy laughed out loud at this, and clapped his hands, Jocko looked so like a little old man, in spite of the tail curled up behind.
This time grandpa opened both eyes at once, and stared as if he saw a hobgoblin before him; then he snatched off the spectacles, and caught up his cane, crying angrily, 
"You rascal, how dare you!"
But Jocko tossed the paper in his face, and with one jump lighted on the back of old Tom, the big yellow cat, who lay asleep close by.
Scared half out of his wits, Tom spit and bounced; but Jocko held fast to his collar, and had a fine race round the garden, while the girls laughed at the funny sight, and Neddy shouted, "It's a circus; and there's the monkey and the pony."
Even grandpa smiled, especially when puss dashed up a tree, and Jock tumbled off.
He chased him, and they had a great battle; but Tom's claws were sharp, and the monkey got a scratch on the nose, and ran crying to Neddy for comfort.
"Now, you naughty fellow, I'll chain you up, and stop these dreadful tricks.

Soon all who had gathered in the market-place out of curiosity were dancing with them; old and young, fat and lean, one with another.
The dogs, likewise, which had run there got up on their hind legs and capered about; and the longer he played, the higher sprang the dancers, so that they knocked against each other’s heads, and began to shriek terribly.
At length the judge cried, quite out of breath, “I will give you your life if you will only stop fiddling.” The good servant thereupon had compassion, took his fiddle and hung it round his neck again, and stepped down the ladder.
Then he went up to the Jew, who was lying upon the ground panting for breath, and said, “You rascal, now confess, whence you got the money, or I will take my fiddle and begin to play again.” “I stole it, I stole it!” cried he; “but you have honestly earned it.” So the judge had the Jew taken to the gallows and hanged as a thief.
111 The Skilful Huntsman 
There was once a young fellow who had learnt the trade of locksmith, and told his father he would now go out into the world and seek his fortune.
“Very well,” said the father, “I am quite content with that,”
and gave him some money for his journey.
So he travelled about and looked for work.
After a time he resolved not to follow the trade of locksmith any more, for he no longer liked it, but he took a fancy for hunting.
Then there met him in his rambles a huntsman dressed in green, who asked whence he came and whither he was going?
The youth said he was a locksmith’s apprentice, but that the trade no longer pleased him, and he had a liking for huntsmanship, would he teach it to him?
“Oh, yes,” said the huntsman, “if thou wilt go with me.” Then the young fellow went with him, bound himself to him for some years, and learnt the art of hunting.
After this he wished to try his luck elsewhere, and the huntsman gave him nothing in the way of payment but an air-gun, which had, however, this property, that it hit its mark without fail whenever he shot with it.

The moment that she did so the Brownie hopped under the bench and the lassies started up guiltily.
The farmer's wife caught sight of the empty basin.
She was very angry with them indeed.
When they tried hastily to explain, each blaming the other, the farmer's wife would not listen, but only grew the more angry.
She told them that, since they had supped so well, they should have none of the scones and eggs which she had prepared for the evening meal in the kitchen.
When the farmer's wife had entered she had left the door open, so while she was busily scolding the lassies the Brownie slipped out from under the bench and made his escape.
As he ran chuckling down the road, he could still hear her angry voice drowning the attempted explanations of the bewildered lassies.
When the little fellow curled himself up some time later in the tree trunk he was still laughing.
THE FAIRIES' PASSAGE 
BY JAMES CLARENCE MANGAN 
  Tap, tap, tap, rap!
"Get up, gaffer Ferryman,"
  "Eh!
Who is there?"
The clock strikes three.

My picture, painted in what seemed the loveliest hues, presents nothing but a faded and indistinguishable surface.
I have been eloquent and poetical and humorous in a dream, and behold!
it is all nonsense, now that I am awake."
My friend now threw sticks of wood and dry chips upon the fire, and seeing it blaze like Nebuchadnezzar's furnace, seized the champagne bottle, and drank two or three brimming bumpers, successively.
The heady liquor combined with his agitation to throw him into a species of rage.
He laid violent hands on the tales.
In one instant more, their faults and beauties would alike have vanished in a glowing purgatory.
But, all at once, I remembered passages of high imagination, deep pathos, original thoughts, and points of such varied excellence, that the vastness of the sacrifice struck me most forcibly.
I caught his arm.
"Surely, you do not mean to burn them!"
I exclaimed.
"Let me alone!"

The Oaks and Jupiter 
THE OAKS presented a complaint to Jupiter, saying, “We bear for no purpose the burden of life, as of all the trees that grow we are the most continually in peril of the axe.” Jupiter made answer: “You have only to thank yourselves for the misfortunes to which you are exposed:
for if you did not make such excellent pillars and posts, and prove yourselves so serviceable to the carpenters and the farmers, the axe would not so frequently be laid to your roots.”
The Hare and the Hound 
A HOUND started a Hare from his lair, but after a long run, gave up the chase.
A goat-herd seeing him stop, mocked him, saying “The little one is the best runner of the two.” The Hound replied, “You do not see the difference between us: I was only running for a dinner, but he for his life.”
The Traveler and Fortune 
A TRAVELER wearied from a long journey lay down, overcome with fatigue, on the very brink of a deep well.
Just as he was about to fall into the water, Dame Fortune, it is said, appeared to him and waking him from his slumber thus addressed him: “Good Sir, pray wake up: for if you fall into the well, the blame will be thrown on me, and I shall get an ill name among mortals; for I find that men are sure to impute their calamities to me, however much by their own folly they have really brought them on themselves.”
Everyone is more or less master of his own fate.
The Bald Knight 
A BALD KNIGHT, who wore a wig, went out to hunt.
A sudden puff of wind blew off his hat and wig, at which a loud laugh rang forth from his companions.
He pulled up his horse, and with great glee joined in the joke by saying, “What a marvel it is that hairs which are not mine should fly from me, when they have forsaken even the man on whose head they grew.”
The Shepherd and the Dog 
A SHEPHERD penning his sheep in the fold for the night was about to shut up a wolf with them, when his Dog perceiving the wolf said, “Master, how can you expect the sheep to be safe if you admit a wolf into the fold?”
The Lamp 
A LAMP, soaked with too much oil and flaring brightly, boasted that it gave more light than the sun.
Then a sudden puff of wind arose, and the Lamp was immediately extinguished.
Its owner lit it again, and said:
“Boast no more, but henceforth be content to give thy light in silence.
Know that not even the stars need to be relit.”
The Lion, the Fox, and the Ass 
THE LION, the Fox and the Ass entered into an agreement to assist each other in the chase.
Having secured a large booty, the Lion on their return from the forest asked the Ass to allot his due portion to each of the three partners in the treaty.
The Ass carefully divided the spoil into three equal shares and modestly requested the two others to make the first choice.
The Lion, bursting out into a great rage, devoured the Ass.

"Let us see, then.
Which of these two things do you think is really worth the most, the gift of the Golden Touch, or one cup of clear cold water?"
"O blessed water!"
exclaimed Midas.
"It will never moisten my parched throat again!"
"The Golden Touch," continued the stranger, "or a crust of bread?"
"A piece of bread," answered Midas, "is worth all the gold on earth!"
"The Golden Touch," asked the stranger, "or your own little Marygold, warm, soft, and loving as she was an hour ago?"
"Oh, my child, my dear child!"
cried poor Midas, wringing his hands.
"I would not have given that one small dimple in her chin for the power of changing this whole big earth into a solid lump of gold!"
"You are wiser than you were, King Midas!"

The last few days of sorrow had told upon the old man; he had aged greatly, and looked much more than his seventy years.
Weeping bitterly, he told them that the report was only too true, but he intended, however, to make prisoners of the envoys from the moon, and to do all he could to prevent the Princess from being carried back.
The men returned and told His Majesty all that had passed.
On the fifteenth day of that month the Emperor sent a guard of two thousand warriors to watch the house.
One thousand stationed themselves on the roof, another thousand kept watch round all the entrances of the house.
All were well trained archers, with bows and arrows.
The bamboo-cutter and his wife hid Princess Moonlight in an inner room.
The old man gave orders that no one was to sleep that night, all in the house were to keep a strict watch, and be ready to protect the Princess.
With these precautions, and the help of the Emperor's men-at-arms, he hoped to withstand the moon-messengers, but the Princess told him that all these measures to keep her would be useless, and that when her people came for her nothing whatever could prevent them from carrying out their purpose.
Even the Emperors men would be powerless.
Then she added with tears that she was very, very sorry to leave him and his wife, whom she had learned to love as her parents, that if she could do as she liked she would stay with them in their old age, and try to make some return for all the love and kindness they had showered upon her during all her earthly life.
The night wore on!

cried Proserpina.
"Let me go home!"
"My home is better than your mother's," answered King Pluto.
"It is a palace, all made of gold, with crystal windows; and because there is little or no sunshine thereabouts, the apartments are illuminated with diamond lamps.
You never saw anything half so magnificent as my throne.
If you like, you may sit down on it, and be my little queen, and I will sit on the footstool."
"I don't care for golden palaces and thrones," sobbed Proserpina.
"Oh, my mother, my mother!
Carry me back to my mother!"
But King Pluto, as he called himself, only shouted to his steeds to go faster.
"Pray do not be foolish, Proserpina," said he, in rather a sullen tone.
"I offer you my palace and my crown, and all the riches that are under the earth; and you treat me as if I were doing you an injury.

Any mention of her 'works' always had a bad effect upon Jo, who either grew rigid and looked offended, or changed the subject with a brusque remark, as now.
"Sorry you could find nothing better to read.
I write that rubbish because it sells, and ordinary people like it.
Are you going to New York this winter?"
As Miss Lamb had 'enjoyed' the story, this speech was not exactly grateful or complimentary.
The minute it was made Jo saw her mistake, but fearing to make the matter worse, suddenly remembered that it was for her to make the first move toward departure, and did so with an abruptness that left three people with half-finished sentences in their mouths.
"Amy, we must go.
Good-by, dear, do come and see us.
We are pining for a visit.
I don't dare to ask you, Mr. Lamb, but if you should come, I don't think I shall have the heart to send you away."
Jo said this with such a droll imitation of May Chester's gushing style that Amy got out of the room as rapidly as possible, feeling a strong desire to laugh and cry at the same time.
"Didn't I do well?"

In the whole world, however, none was to be found, and even if one had been found, still there would have been no one who had such golden hair.
So the messengers came home as they went.
Now the King had a daughter, who was just as beautiful as her dead mother, and had the same golden hair.
When she was grown up the King looked at her one day, and saw that in every respect she was like his late wife, and suddenly felt a violent love for her.
Then he spake to his councillors, “I will marry my daughter, for she is the counterpart of my late wife, otherwise I can find no bride who resembles her.” When the councillors heard that, they were shocked, and said, “God has forbidden a father to marry his daughter, no good can come from such a crime, and the kingdom will be involved in the ruin.”
The daughter was still more shocked when she became aware of her father’s resolution, but hoped to turn him from his design.
Then she said to him, “Before I fulfil your wish, I must have three dresses, one as golden as the sun, one as silvery as the moon, and one as bright as the stars; besides this, I wish for a mantle of a thousand different kinds of fur and hair joined together, and one of every kind of animal in your kingdom must give a piece of his skin for it.” But she thought, “To get that will be quite impossible, and thus I shall divert my father from his wicked intentions.” The King, however, did not give it up, and the cleverest maidens in his kingdom had to weave the three dresses, one as golden as the sun, one as silvery as the moon, and one as bright as the stars, and his huntsmen had to catch one of every kind of animal in the whole of his kingdom, and take from it a piece of its skin, and out of these was made a mantle of a thousand different kinds of fur.
At length, when all was ready, the King caused the mantle to be brought, spread it out before her, and said, “The wedding shall be to-morrow.”
When, therefore, the King’s daughter saw that there was no longer any hope of turning her father’s heart, she resolved to run away from him.
In the night whilst every one was asleep, she got up, and took three different things from her treasures, a golden ring, a golden spinning-wheel, and a golden reel.
The three dresses of the sun, moon, and stars she put into a nutshell, put on her mantle of all kinds of fur, and blackened her face and hands with soot.
Then she commended herself to God, and went away, and walked the whole night until she reached a great forest.
And as she was tired, she got into a hollow tree, and fell asleep.
The sun rose, and she slept on, and she was still sleeping when it was full day.

Crouching down in a corner, peeping up the lane, the next object that Young Jerry saw, was the form of his honoured parent, pretty well defined against a watery and clouded moon, nimbly scaling an iron gate.
He was soon over, and then the second fisherman got over, and then the third.
They all dropped softly on the ground within the gate, and lay there a little listening perhaps.
Then, they moved away on their hands and knees.
It was now Young Jerry's turn to approach the gate: which he did, holding his breath.
Crouching down again in a corner there, and looking in, he made out the three fishermen creeping through some rank grass!
and all the gravestones in the churchyard it was a large churchyard that they were in looking on like ghosts in white, while the church tower itself looked on like the ghost of a monstrous giant.
They did not creep far, before they stopped and stood upright.
And then they began to fish.
They fished with a spade, at first.
Presently the honoured parent appeared to be adjusting some instrument like a great corkscrew.
Whatever tools they worked with, they worked hard, until the awful striking of the church clock so terrified Young Jerry, that he made off, with his hair as stiff as his father's.

There's Laurie, looking like a sailor, nice boy!
Oh, mercy me!
Here's a carriage full of people, a tall lady, a little girl, and two dreadful boys.
One is lame, poor thing, he's got a crutch.
Laurie didn't tell us that.
Be quick, girls!
It's getting late.
Why, there is Ned Moffat, I do declare.
Meg, isn't that the man who bowed to you one day when we were shopping?"
"So it is.
How queer that he should come.
I thought he was at the mountains.

ay, we all know how THAT will end: they will wait a twelvemonth, and finding no good comes of it, will set down upon a curacy of fifty pounds a-year, with the interest of his two thousand pounds, and what little matter Mr. Steele and Mr.
Pratt can give her.
Then they will have a child every year!
and Lord help 'em!
how poor they will be!
I must see what I can give them towards furnishing their house.
Two maids and two men, indeed!
as I talked of t'other day.
No, no, they must get a stout girl of all works.
Betty's sister would never do for them NOW."
The next morning brought Elinor a letter by the two-penny post from Lucy herself.
It was as follows:
                    "Bartlett's Building, March.
"I hope my dear Miss Dashwood will excuse the      liberty I take of writing to her; but I know your      friendship for me will make you pleased to hear such      a good account of myself and my dear Edward, after      all the troubles we have went through lately,      therefore will make no more apologies, but proceed      to say that, thank God!

Tootles hated the idea of signing under such a man, but an instinct told him that it would be prudent to lay the responsibility on an absent person; and though a somewhat silly boy, he knew that mothers alone are always willing to be the buffer.
All children know this about mothers, and despise them for it, but make constant use of it.
So Tootles explained prudently, “You see, sir, I don't think my mother would like me to be a pirate.
Would your mother like you to be a pirate, Slightly?”
He winked at Slightly, who said mournfully, “I don't think so,” as if he wished things had been otherwise.
“Would your mother like you to be a pirate, Twin?”
“I don't think so,” said the first twin, as clever as the others.
“Nibs, would ”
“Stow this gab,” roared Hook, and the spokesmen were dragged back.
“You, boy,” he said, addressing John, “you look as if you had a little pluck in you.
Didst never want to be a pirate, my hearty?”
Now John had sometimes experienced this hankering at maths.
prep.
; and he was struck by Hook's picking him out.
“I once thought of calling myself Red-handed Jack,” he said diffidently.
“And a good name too.

Remember, he would eat no salt with you, and what more would you have?
Look at him!
he is both the false oil merchant and the Captain of the Forty Thieves.”
Ali Baba was so grateful to Morgiana for thus saving his life that he offered her to his son in marriage, who readily consented, and a few days after the wedding was celebrated with greatest splendor.
At the end of a year Ali Baba, hearing nothing of the two remaining robbers, judged they were dead, and set out to the cave.
The door opened on his saying: “Open Sesame!” He went in, and saw that nobody had been there since the Captain left it.
He brought away as much gold as he could carry, and returned to town.
He told his son the secret of the cave, which his son handed down in his turn, so the children and grandchildren of Ali Baba were rich to the end of their lives.
(1)
(1) Arabian Nights.
HANSEL AND GRETTEL 
Once upon a time there dwelt on the outskirts of a large forest a poor woodcutter with his wife and two children; the boy was called Hansel and the girl Grettel.
He had always little enough to live on, and once, when there was a great famine in the land, he couldn’t even provide them with daily bread.
One night, as he was tossing about in bed, full of cares and worry, he sighed and said to his wife: “What’s to become of us?
how are we to support our poor children, now that we have nothing more for ourselves?” “I’ll tell you what, husband,” answered the woman; “early to-morrow morning we’ll take the children out into the thickest part of the wood; there we shall light a fire for them and give them each a piece of bread; then we’ll go on to our work and leave them alone.

Then she stopped.
‘We must make a new picture for that end sound, mustn’t we?’
‘Shu-shu-u-u-u!’ said her Daddy.
‘Why, it’s just like the round-egg-sound made thin.’
‘Then s’pose we draw a thin round egg, and pretend it’s a frog that hasn’t eaten anything for years.’
‘N-no,’ said her Daddy.
‘If we drew that in a hurry we might mistake it for the round egg itself.
Shu-shu-shu!
‘I tell you what we’ll do.
We’ll open a little hole at the end of the round egg to show how the O-noise runs out all thin, ooo-oo-oo.
Like this.’ And he drew this.
(12.)
‘Oh, that’s lovely!
Much better than a thin frog.
Go on,’ said Taffy, using her shark’s tooth.

"But even as I spoke he was back again, crouching at Patty's feet, and glaring at her with eyes the colour of his ears.
"Now Patty was very fond of animals, and when the dog looked at her she looked at the dog, and then she said to me, 'He wants us to go with him.'
"On which (as if he understood our language, though we were ignorant of his) the spaniel sprang away, and went off as hard as he could; and Patty and I went after him, a dim hope crossing my mind 'Perhaps Father Christmas has sent him for us.'
"This idea was rather favoured by the fact that the dog led us up the lane.
Only a little way; then he stopped by something lying in the ditch and once more we cried in the same breath, 'It's Old Father Christmas!'"
"Returning from the Hall, the old man had slipped upon a bit of ice, and lay stunned in the snow.
"Patty began to cry.
'I think he's dead,' she sobbed.
"'He is so very old, I don't wonder,' I murmured; 'but perhaps he's not.
I'll fetch Father.'
"My father and Kitty were soon on the spot.
Kitty was as strong as a man; and they carried Father Christmas between them into the kitchen.

No rumour of Lucy's marriage had yet reached him: he knew nothing of what had passed; and the first hours of his visit were consequently spent in hearing and in wondering.
Every thing was explained to him by Mrs. Dashwood, and he found fresh reason to rejoice in what he had done for Mr. Ferrars, since eventually it promoted the interest of Elinor.
It would be needless to say, that the gentlemen advanced in the good opinion of each other, as they advanced in each other's acquaintance, for it could not be otherwise.
Their resemblance in good principles and good sense, in disposition and manner of thinking, would probably have been sufficient to unite them in friendship, without any other attraction; but their being in love with two sisters, and two sisters fond of each other, made that mutual regard inevitable and immediate, which might otherwise have waited the effect of time and judgment.
The letters from town, which a few days before would have made every nerve in Elinor's body thrill with transport, now arrived to be read with less emotion than mirth.
Mrs. Jennings wrote to tell the wonderful tale, to vent her honest indignation against the jilting girl, and pour forth her compassion towards poor Mr. Edward, who, she was sure, had quite doted upon the worthless hussy, and was now, by all accounts, almost broken-hearted, at Oxford.
"I do think," she continued, "nothing was ever carried on so sly; for it was but two days before Lucy called and sat a couple of hours with me.
Not a soul suspected anything of the matter, not even Nancy, who, poor soul!
came crying to me the day after, in a great fright for fear of Mrs. Ferrars, as well as not knowing how to get to Plymouth; for Lucy it seems borrowed all her money before she went off to be married, on purpose we suppose to make a show with, and poor Nancy had not seven shillings in the world; so I was very glad to give her five guineas to take her down to Exeter, where she thinks of staying three or four weeks with Mrs. Burgess, in hopes, as I tell her, to fall in with the Doctor again.
And I must say that Lucy's crossness not to take them along with them in the chaise is worse than all.
Poor Mr. Edward!
I cannot get him out of my head, but you must send for him to Barton, and Miss Marianne must try to comfort him."

And, first, as to how it came here.
It arrived upon Christmas morning, in company with a good fat goose, which is, I have no doubt, roasting at this moment in front of Peterson’s fire.
The facts are these: about four o’clock on Christmas morning, Peterson, who, as you know, is a very honest fellow, was returning from some small jollification and was making his way homeward down Tottenham Court Road.
In front of him he saw, in the gaslight, a tallish man, walking with a slight stagger, and carrying a white goose slung over his shoulder.
As he reached the corner of Goodge Street, a row broke out between this stranger and a little knot of roughs.
One of the latter knocked off the man’s hat, on which he raised his stick to defend himself and, swinging it over his head, smashed the shop window behind him.
Peterson had rushed forward to protect the stranger from his assailants; but the man, shocked at having broken the window, and seeing an official-looking person in uniform rushing towards him, dropped his goose, took to his heels, and vanished amid the labyrinth of small streets which lie at the back of Tottenham Court Road.
The roughs had also fled at the appearance of Peterson, so that he was left in possession of the field of battle, and also of the spoils of victory in the shape of this battered hat and a most unimpeachable Christmas goose.”
“Which surely he restored to their owner?”
“My dear fellow, there lies the problem.
It is true that ‘For Mrs.
Henry Baker’ was printed upon a small card which was tied to the bird’s left leg, and it is also true that the initials ‘H.
B.’ are legible upon the lining of this hat, but as there are some thousands of Bakers, and some hundreds of Henry Bakers in this city of ours, it is not easy to restore lost property to any one of them.”
“What, then, did Peterson do?”
“He brought round both hat and goose to me on Christmas morning, knowing that even the smallest problems are of interest to me.
The goose we retained until this morning, when there were signs that, in spite of the slight frost, it would be well that it should be eaten without unnecessary delay.
Its finder has carried it off, therefore, to fulfil the ultimate destiny of a goose, while I continue to retain the hat of the unknown gentleman who lost his Christmas dinner.”
“Did he not advertise?”
“No.”
“Then, what clue could you have as to his identity?”
“Only as much as we can deduce.”
“From his hat?”
“Precisely.”
“But you are joking.

"I bring nothing.
Have you anything to give?"
Grethel gave Hans a piece of bacon.
"Good-by, Grethel."
"Good-by, Hans."
Hans took the bacon, tied it with a rope, and swung it to and fro so that the dogs came and ate it up.
When he reached home he held the rope in his hand, but there was nothing on it.
"Good evening, mother," said he.
"Good evening, Hans.
Where have you been?"
"To Grethel's, mother."
"What did you take there?"

They drank at the tanks and made the water all muddy, and then they fought over it, and then they would all rush together in mobs and shout: “There is no one in the jungle so wise and good and clever and strong and gentle as the Bandar-log.” Then all would begin again till they grew tired of the city and went back to the tree-tops, hoping the Jungle-People would notice them.
Mowgli, who had been trained under the Law of the Jungle, did not like or understand this kind of life.
The monkeys dragged him into the Cold Lairs late in the afternoon, and instead of going to sleep, as Mowgli would have done after a long journey, they joined hands and danced about and sang their foolish songs.
One of the monkeys made a speech and told his companions that Mowgli’s capture marked a new thing in the history of the Bandar-log, for Mowgli was going to show them how to weave sticks and canes together as a protection against rain and cold.
Mowgli picked up some creepers and began to work them in and out, and the monkeys tried to imitate; but in a very few minutes they lost interest and began to pull their friends’ tails or jump up and down on all fours, coughing.
“I wish to eat,” said Mowgli.
“I am a stranger in this part of the jungle.
Bring me food, or give me leave to hunt here.”
Twenty or thirty monkeys bounded away to bring him nuts and wild pawpaws.
But they fell to fighting on the road, and it was too much trouble to go back with what was left of the fruit.
Mowgli was sore and angry as well as hungry, and he roamed through the empty city giving the Strangers’ Hunting Call from time to time, but no one answered him, and Mowgli felt that he had reached a very bad place indeed.
“All that Baloo has said about the Bandar-log is true,” he thought to himself.
“They have no Law, no Hunting Call, and no leaders nothing but foolish words and little picking thievish hands.

Thou showest thy black brow, Seeva!
MALTESE SAILOR.
(Reclining and shaking his cap.)
It’s the waves—the snow’s caps turn to jig it now.
They’ll shake their tassels soon.
Now would all the waves were women, then I’d go drown, and chassee with them evermore!
There’s naught so sweet on earth—heaven may not match it!—as those swift glances of warm, wild bosoms in the dance, when the over-arboring arms hide such ripe, bursting grapes.
SICILIAN SAILOR.
(Reclining.)
Tell me not of it!
Hark ye, lad—fleet interlacings of the limbs—lithe swayings—coyings—flutterings!
lip!

And so they chatted on, while from the meadow came the sound of the happy insects piping in the sunshine.
It was chilly now at night and in the early morning, and they could give concerts only at noonday.
The next day the Wild Turkeys came and there was great excitement in the forest.
The Squirrels were busier than ever storing up all the acorns that they could before the newcomers reached the oak trees; and the Blue Jays were so jealous of the Turkeys that they overate every day for fear there would not be enough to go around.
As though there were any danger!
The Ground Hog was getting so sleepy now that he would doze off while people were talking to him, and then he would suddenly straighten up and say: "Yes, yes, yes!
Don't think that I was asleep, please.
The colors of the trees are so bright that they tire my eyes and I sometimes close them."
The dear old fellow really never knew how he had been nodding.
The Snakes, too, were growing dull and slow of motion, while the Bats talked freely of hanging themselves up for the winter.
The Grouse and Quail made daily trips to the edges of the grain-fields, and found rich picking among the stubble.
You could almost fancy that they came home each night fatter than when they went away in the morning.

However, I threw all fears to the winds, ate a hearty supper, drove to Paddington, and started off, having obeyed to the letter the injunction as to holding my tongue.
“At Reading I had to change not only my carriage but my station.
However, I was in time for the last train to Eyford, and I reached the little dim-lit station after eleven o’clock.
I was the only passenger who got out there, and there was no one upon the platform save a single sleepy porter with a lantern.
As I passed out through the wicket gate, however, I found my acquaintance of the morning waiting in the shadow upon the other side.
Without a word he grasped my arm and hurried me into a carriage, the door of which was standing open.
He drew up the windows on either side, tapped on the wood-work, and away we went as fast as the horse could go.”
“One horse?” interjected Holmes.
“Yes, only one.”
“Did you observe the colour?”
“Yes, I saw it by the side-lights when I was stepping into the carriage.
It was a chestnut.”
“Tired-looking or fresh?”
“Oh, fresh and glossy.”
“Thank you.
I am sorry to have interrupted you.
Pray continue your most interesting statement.”
“Away we went then, and we drove for at least an hour.
Colonel Lysander Stark had said that it was only seven miles, but I should think, from the rate that we seemed to go, and from the time that we took, that it must have been nearer twelve.

Her eyes seemed to get bigger and bigger, and she went quite pale.
When I had finished, she still stood staring for a few seconds, and then her chin began to shake, and she turned round and ran out of the room and upstairs.
Several of the other children began to cry, but she did not seem to hear them or to be alive to anything but just what I was saying.
It made me feel quite queer not to be answered; and when you tell anything sudden and strange, you expect people will say SOMETHING whatever it is."
Nobody but Sara herself ever knew what had happened in her room after she had run upstairs and locked her door.
In fact, she herself scarcely remembered anything but that she walked up and down, saying over and over again to herself in a voice which did not seem her own, "My papa is dead!
My papa is dead!"
Once she stopped before Emily, who sat watching her from her chair, and cried out wildly, "Emily!
Do you hear?
Do you hear papa is dead?
He is dead in India thousands of miles away."
When she came into Miss Minchin's sitting room in answer to her summons, her face was white and her eyes had dark rings around them.

“When I came up into the sun today I heard them whooping among the tree-tops.”
“It it is the Bandar-log that we follow now,” said Baloo, but the words stuck in his throat, for that was the first time in his memory that one of the Jungle-People had owned to being interested in the doings of the monkeys.
“Beyond doubt then it is no small thing that takes two such hunters leaders in their own jungle I am certain on the trail of the Bandar-log,” Kaa replied courteously, as he swelled with curiosity.
“Indeed,” Baloo began, “I am no more than the old and sometimes very foolish Teacher of the Law to the Seeonee wolf-cubs, and Bagheera here ”
“Is Bagheera,” said the Black Panther, and his jaws shut with a snap, for he did not believe in being humble.
“The trouble is this, Kaa.
Those nut-stealers and pickers of palm leaves have stolen away our man-cub of whom thou hast perhaps heard.”
“I heard some news from Ikki (his quills make him presumptuous) of a man-thing that was entered into a wolf pack, but I did not believe.
Ikki is full of stories half heard and very badly told.”
“But it is true.
He is such a man-cub as never was,” said Baloo.
“The best and wisest and boldest of man-cubs my own pupil, who shall make the name of Baloo famous through all the jungles; and besides, I we love him, Kaa.”
“Ts!
Ts!” said Kaa, weaving his head to and fro.
“I also have known what love is.
There are tales I could tell that ”
“That need a clear night when we are all well fed to praise properly,”
 said Bagheera quickly.
“Our man-cub is in the hands of the Bandar-log now, and we know that of all the Jungle-People they fear Kaa alone.”
“They fear me alone.

His lordship was a little over-excited at the time and I fancy that he mistook me for a friend of his.
At any rate when I took the liberty of wagering him fifty dollars that he would not punch a passing policeman in the eye, he accepted the bet very cordially and won it."
I produced my pocket-book and counted out a hundred.
"Take this, Jeeves," I said; "fifty isn't enough.
Do you know, Jeeves, you're well, you absolutely stand alone!"
"I endeavour to give satisfaction, sir," said Jeeves.
JEEVES AND THE HARD-BOILED EGG 
Sometimes of a morning, as I've sat in bed sucking down the early cup of tea and watched my man Jeeves flitting about the room and putting out the raiment for the day, I've wondered what the deuce I should do if the fellow ever took it into his head to leave me.
It's not so bad now I'm in New York, but in London the anxiety was frightful.
There used to be all sorts of attempts on the part of low blighters to sneak him away from me.
Young Reggie Foljambe to my certain knowledge offered him double what I was giving him, and Alistair Bingham-Reeves, who's got a valet who had been known to press his trousers sideways, used to look at him, when he came to see me, with a kind of glittering hungry eye which disturbed me deucedly.
Bally pirates!
The thing, you see, is that Jeeves is so dashed competent.

she cried.
"There he is, coming to meet me!
And you have soiled my white dress with your dusty shoes, and pulled my hair all awry.
Run away, child, and go home to your mother!"
She set the child down, not unkindly, but so hastily that he stumbled and fell; but she did not see that, for she was hastening forward to meet her lover, who was coming along the road.
(Now if the maiden had only known, he thought her twice as lovely with the child in her arms; but she did not know.)
The child lay in the dusty road and sobbed, till his mother came along and picked him up, and wiped away the tears with her blue gingham apron.
"I don't believe that was an angel, after all," he said.
"No!"
said the mother.
"But she may be one some day.
She is young yet."

It is not because they are cross, or selfish, or bad.
It is just because of the way in which they have to live and hunt, and they cannot help it any more than you could help having eyes of a certain color.
These are things which are all understood in the forest, and the people there are careful what they say and do, so they get on very well indeed, and have many happy times in that quiet, dusky place.
When people are born there, they learn these things without thinking about it, but when they come there from some other place it is very hard, for everybody thinks it stupid in strangers to ask about such simple matters.
When Mr. Red Squirrel first came to the forest, he knew nothing of the way in which they do, and he afterward said that learning forest manners was even harder than running away from his old home.
You see, Mr. Red Squirrel was born in the forest, but was carried away from there when he was only a baby.
From that time until he was grown, he had never set claw upon a tree, and all he could see of the world he had seen by peeping through the bars of a cage.
His cousins in the forest learned to frisk along the fence-tops and to jump from one swaying branch to another, but when this poor little fellow longed for a scamper he could only run around and around in a wire wheel that hummed as it turned, and this made him very dizzy.
He used to wonder if there were nothing better in life, for he had been taken from his woodland home when he was too young to remember about it.
One day he saw another Squirrel outside, a dainty little one who looked as though she had never a sad thought.
That made him care more than ever to be free, and when he curled down in his cotton nest that night he dreamed about her, and that they were eating acorns together in a tall oak tree.
The next day Mr. Red Squirrel pretended to be sick.

Presently the Otter returned home, bringing a string of fish with him.
Oh arriving he saw that his children had been killed, and exclaimed, "How comes it, Friend Mouse-deer, that my babies have died?"
The Mouse-deer replied:
"The Woodpecker came and sounded the war-gong, and I, being Chief War-Dancer, danced; and, forgetting about your children, I trod upon them and crushed them flat."
On hearing this the Otter went and made complaint unto King Solomon, prostrating himself and saying: "Your Majesty's most humble slave craves pardon for presuming to address your Majesty, but Friend Mouse-deer has murdered your slave's children, and your slave desires to learn whether he is guilty or not according to the Law of the Land."
King Solomon replied, saying, "If the Mouse-deer hath done this thing wittingly, assuredly he is guilty of death."
Then he summoned the Mouse-deer before him.
And when the Mouse-deer came into the presence of the King, the King inquired of the Otter, "What is your charge against him?"
The Otter replied, "Your slave accuses him of the murder of your slave's children; your slave would hear the Law of the Land."
Then the King said unto the Mouse-deer, "Was it your doing that the Otter's children were killed?"
The Mouse-deer replied, "Assuredly it was, but I crave pardon for doing so."
"How was it, then," said the King, "that you came to kill them?"
The Mouse-deer replied, "Your slave came to kill them because the Woodpecker appeared and sounded the War-gong.

Little birds have to encounter great dangers!” And then he asked the eldest where he had spent the summer, and how he had supported himself?
“I stayed in the gardens, and looked for caterpillars and small worms, until the cherries got ripe.” “Ah, my son,” said the father, “tit-bits are not bad, but there is great risk about them; on that account take great care of thyself henceforth, and particularly when people are going about the gardens who carry long green poles which are hollow inside and have a little hole at the top.”
“Yes, father, but what if a little green leaf is stuck over the hole with wax?” said the son.
“Where hast thou seen that?” “In a merchant’s garden,” said the youngster.
“Oh, my son, merchant folks are quick folks,” said the father.
“If thou hast been among the children of the world, thou hast learned worldly shiftiness enough, only see that thou usest it well, and do not be too confident.” After this he asked the next, “Where hast thou passed thy time?” “At court,” said the son.
“Sparrows and silly little birds are of no use in that place—there one finds much gold, velvet, silk, armour, harnesses, sparrow-hawks, screech-owls and hen-harriers; keep to the horses’ stable where they winnow oats, or thresh, and then fortune may give thee thy daily grain of corn in peace.” “Yes, father,” said the son, “but when the stable-boys make traps and fix their gins and snares in the straw, many a one is caught fast.” “Where hast thou seen that?” said the old bird.
“At court, among the stable-boys.” “Oh, my son, court boys are bad boys!
If thou hast been to court and among the lords, and hast left no feathers there, thou hast learnt a fair amount, and wilt know very well how to go about the world, but look around thee and above thee, for the wolves devour the wisest dogs.” The father examined the third also:
“Where didst thou seek thy safety?” “I have broken up tubs and ropes on the cart-roads and highways, and sometimes met with a grain of corn or barley.” “That is indeed dainty fare,” said the father, “but take care what thou art about and look carefully around, especially when thou seest any one stooping and about to pick up a stone, there is not much time to stay then.” “That is true,” said the son, “but what if any one should carry a bit of rock, or ore, ready beforehand in his breast or pocket?” “Where hast thou seen that?” “Among the mountaineers, dear father; when they go out, they generally take little bits of ore with them.” “Mountain folks are working folks, and clever folks.
If thou hast been among mountain lads, thou hast seen and learnt something, but when thou goest thither beware, for many a sparrow has been brought to a bad end by a mountain boy.” At length the father came to the youngest son: “Thou, my dear chirping nestling, wert always the silliest and weakest; stay with me, the world has many rough, wicked birds which have crooked beaks and long claws, and lie in wait for poor little birds and swallow them.
Keep with those of thine own kind, and pick up little spiders and caterpillars from the trees, or the house, and then thou wilt live long in peace.” “My dear father, he who feeds himself without injury to other people fares well, and no sparrow-hawk, eagle, or kite will hurt him if he specially commits himself and his lawful food, evening and morning, faithfully to God, who is the Creator and Preserver of all forest and village birds, who likewise heareth the cry and prayer of the young ravens, for no sparrow or wren ever falls to the ground except by his will.” “Where hast thou learnt this?” The son answered, “When the great blast of wind tore me away from thee I came to a church, and there during the summer I have picked up the flies and spiders from the windows, and heard this discourse preached.
The Father of all sparrows fed me all the summer through, and kept me from all mischance and from ferocious birds.”
“In sooth, my dear son, if thou takest refuge in the churches and helpest to clear away spiders and buzzing flies, and criest unto God like the young ravens, and commendest thyself to the eternal Creator, all will be well with thee, and that even if the whole world were full of wild malicious birds.”
“He who to God commits his ways, In silence suffers, waits, and prays, Preserves his faith and conscience pure, He is of God’s protection sure.”
158 The Story of Schlauraffen Land 
In the time of Schlauraffen I went there, and saw Rome and the Lateran hanging by a small silken thread, and a man without feet who outran a swift horse, and a keen sharp sword that cut through a bridge.
There I saw a young ass with a silver nose which pursued two fleet hares, and a lime-tree that was very large, on which hot cakes were growing.

She could see a glimmer of light coming from beneath it.
The Someone was crying in that room, and it was quite a young Someone.
So she walked to the door and pushed it open, and there she was standing in the room!
It was a big room with ancient, handsome furniture in it.
There was a low fire glowing faintly on the hearth and a night light burning by the side of a carved four-posted bed hung with brocade, and on the bed was lying a boy, crying fretfully.
Mary wondered if she was in a real place or if she had fallen asleep again and was dreaming without knowing it.
The boy had a sharp, delicate face the color of ivory and he seemed to have eyes too big for it.
He had also a lot of hair which tumbled over his forehead in heavy locks and made his thin face seem smaller.
He looked like a boy who had been ill, but he was crying more as if he were tired and cross than as if he were in pain.
Mary stood near the door with her candle in her hand, holding her breath.
Then she crept across the room, and, as she drew nearer, the light attracted the boy’s attention and he turned his head on his pillow and stared at her, his gray eyes opening so wide that they seemed immense.
“Who are you?” he said at last in a half-frightened whisper.

The old woman eagerly seized it and hoisted it on her back, and without even stopping to thank the Lady Sparrow began to hurry homewards.
The box was so heavy that she could not walk fast, much less run, as she would have liked to do, so anxious was she to get home and see what was inside the box, but she had often to sit down and rest herself by the way.
While she was staggering along under the heavy load, her desire to open the box became too great to be resisted.
She could wait no longer, for she supposed this big box to be full of gold and silver and precious jewels like the small one her husband had received.
At last this greedy and selfish old woman put down the box by the wayside and opened it carefully, expecting to gloat her eyes on a mine of wealth.
What she saw, however, so terrified her that she nearly lost her senses.
As soon as she lifted the lid, a number of horrible and frightful looking demons bounced out of the box and surrounded her as if they intended to kill her.
Not even in nightmares had she ever seen such horrible creatures as her much-coveted box contained.
A demon with one huge eye right in the middle of its forehead came and glared at her, monsters with gaping mouths looked as if they would devour her, a huge snake coiled and hissed about her, and a big frog hopped and croaked towards her.
The old woman had never been so frightened in her life, and ran from the spot as fast as her quaking legs would carry her, glad to escape alive.
When she reached home she fell to the floor and told her husband with tears all that had happened to her, and how she had been nearly killed by the demons in the box.
Then she began to blame the sparrow, but the old man stopped her at once, saying:
"Don't blame the sparrow, it is your wickedness which has at last met with its reward.

While mamma still hesitated what to think and what to do, the street-gate was thrown open, and the father of Violet and Peony appeared, wrapped in a pilot-cloth sack, with a fur cap drawn down over his ears, and the thickest of gloves upon his hands.
Mr. Lindsey was a middle-aged man, with a weary and yet a happy look in his wind-flushed and frost-pinched face, as if he had been busy all the day long, and was glad to get back to his quiet home.
His eyes brightened at the sight of his wife and children, although he could not help uttering a word or two of surprise, at finding the whole family in the open air, on so bleak a day, and after sunset too.
He soon perceived the little white stranger sporting to and fro in the garden, like a dancing snow-wreath, and the flock of snow-birds fluttering about her head.
"Pray, what little girl may that be?"
inquired this very sensible man.
"Surely her mother must be crazy to let her go out in such bitter weather as it has been to-day, with only that flimsy white gown and those thin slippers!"
"My dear husband," said his wife, "I know no more about the little thing than you do.
Some neighbor's child, I suppose.
Our Violet and Peony," she added, laughing at herself for repeating so absurd a story, "insist that she is nothing but a snow-image, which they have been busy about in the garden, almost all the afternoon."
As she said this, the mother glanced her eyes toward the spot where the children's snow-image had been made.
What was her surprise, on perceiving that there was not the slightest trace of so much labor!

If I could find a higher tree   Farther and farther I should see,   To where the grown-up river slips   Into the sea among the ships, 
  To where the roads on either hand   Lead onward into fairy land,   Where all the children dine at five,   And all the playthings come alive.
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON 
 
BED IN SUMMER 
  In winter I get up at night   And dress by yellow candle-light.
In summer, quite the other way,   I have to go to bed by day.
I have to go to bed and see   The birds still hopping on the tree,   Or hear the grown-up people's feet   Still going past me in the street.
And does it not seem hard to you,   When all the sky is clear and blue,   And I should like so much to play,   To have to go to bed by day?
ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON 
 
TRY AGAIN 
  'Tis a lesson you should heed,         Try, try, try again;   If at first you don't succeed,         Try, try, try again.
Once or twice though you should fail         Try again;   If you would at last prevail,         Try again.
If we strive, 'tis no disgrace   Though we may not win the race;   What should you do in that case?
Try again.
If you find your task is hard,         Try again;   Time will bring you your reward,         Try again.
All that other folks can do,   With your patience should not you?
Only keep this rule in view 
        Try again.

The big man brought the bang-stick, and Nag fell in two pieces!
He will never eat my babies again.”
“All that’s true enough.
But where’s Nagaina?” said Rikki-tikki, looking carefully round him.
“Nagaina came to the bathroom sluice and called for Nag,” Darzee went on, “and Nag came out on the end of a stick the sweeper picked him up on the end of a stick and threw him upon the rubbish heap.
Let us sing about the great, the red-eyed Rikki-tikki!” And Darzee filled his throat and sang.
“If I could get up to your nest, I’d roll your babies out!” said Rikki-tikki.
“You don’t know when to do the right thing at the right time.
You’re safe enough in your nest there, but it’s war for me down here.
Stop singing a minute, Darzee.”
“For the great, the beautiful Rikki-tikki’s sake I will stop,” said Darzee.
“What is it, O Killer of the terrible Nag?”
“Where is Nagaina, for the third time?”
“On the rubbish heap by the stables, mourning for Nag.
Great is Rikki-tikki with the white teeth.”
“Bother my white teeth!
Have you ever heard where she keeps her eggs?”
“In the melon bed, on the end nearest the wall, where the sun strikes nearly all day.

But he lives so far away, and it is such a bad night, that it has just occurred to me that it would be much better if you went instead of me.
You know I am going to give you my wheelbarrow, and so, it is only fair that you should do something for me in return.’
“‘Certainly,’ cried little Hans, ‘I take it quite as a compliment your coming to me, and I will start off at once.
But you must lend me your lantern, as the night is so dark that I am afraid I might fall into the ditch.’
“‘I am very sorry,’ answered the Miller, ‘but it is my new lantern, and it would be a great loss to me if anything happened to it.’
“‘Well, never mind, I will do without it,’ cried little Hans, and he took down his great fur coat, and his warm scarlet cap, and tied a muffler round his throat, and started off.
“What a dreadful storm it was!
The night was so black that little Hans could hardly see, and the wind was so strong that he could scarcely stand.
However, he was very courageous, and after he had been walking about three hours, he arrived at the Doctor’s house, and knocked at the door.
“‘Who is there?’ cried the Doctor, putting his head out of his bedroom window.
“‘Little Hans, Doctor.’
“’What do you want, little Hans?’
“‘The Miller’s son has fallen from a ladder, and has hurt himself, and the Miller wants you to come at once.’
“‘All right!’ said the Doctor; and he ordered his horse, and his big boots, and his lantern, and came downstairs, and rode off in the direction of the Miller’s house, little Hans trudging behind him.
“But the storm grew worse and worse, and the rain fell in torrents, and little Hans could not see where he was going, or keep up with the horse.
At last he lost his way, and wandered off on the moor, which was a very dangerous place, as it was full of deep holes, and there poor little Hans was drowned.
His body was found the next day by some goatherds, floating in a great pool of water, and was brought back by them to the cottage.
“Everybody went to little Hans’ funeral, as he was so popular, and the Miller was the chief mourner.

What did disturb her at times was that John remembered his parents vaguely only, as people he had once known, while Michael was quite willing to believe that she was really his mother.
These things scared her a little, and nobly anxious to do her duty, she tried to fix the old life in their minds by setting them examination papers on it, as like as possible to the ones she used to do at school.
The other boys thought this awfully interesting, and insisted on joining, and they made slates for themselves, and sat round the table, writing and thinking hard about the questions she had written on another slate and passed round.
They were the most ordinary questions “What was the colour of Mother's eyes?
Which was taller, Father or Mother?
Was Mother blonde or brunette?
Answer all three questions if possible.”
 “(A) Write an essay of not less than 40 words on How I spent my last Holidays, or The Characters of Father and Mother compared.
Only one of these to be attempted.” Or “(1) Describe Mother's laugh; (2) Describe Father's laugh; (3) Describe Mother's Party Dress; (4) Describe the Kennel and its Inmate.”
They were just everyday questions like these, and when you could not answer them you were told to make a cross; and it was really dreadful what a number of crosses even John made.
Of course the only boy who replied to every question was Slightly, and no one could have been more hopeful of coming out first, but his answers were perfectly ridiculous, and he really came out last: a melancholy thing.
Peter did not compete.
For one thing he despised all mothers except Wendy, and for another he was the only boy on the island who could neither write nor spell; not the smallest word.
He was above all that sort of thing.

The weather was clear and we were sailing in a little schooner a few hundred yards off shore.
Everywhere, Eskimos have a habit of erecting cairns of rocks on all the cliffs and high spots so as to have land marks when traveling in winter, especially during stormy weather.
I happened to notice one of those cairns which was of unusual size.
The rocks, which had been piled very neatly and carefully one on top of the other, were enormous.
It must have taken several men quite a few days of labor to put it up.
I called Nero’s attention to the cairn, and added that it looked very old and I wondered how long it had been there.
Nero, never at a loss for an answer, nodded cheerfully and replied “Yes, much old—thousand years.”
I grinned and remarked, “How do you know it has been there so long?”
Nero hesitated a few seconds then retorted brightly, “Yes, thousand years.
I know.
It was here when I a little boy.
I saw her, thousand years.”
After that answer, I gave it up and changed the subject of conversation.
Indians have the reputation of being always of a serious turn of mind.
My experience is to the contrary.

The watchful guard, with his right hand at the stock of his raised blunderbuss, his left at the barrel, and his eye on the horseman, answered curtly, “Sir.”
“There is nothing to apprehend.
I belong to Tellson's Bank.
You must know Tellson's Bank in London.
I am going to Paris on business.
A crown to drink.
I may read this?”
“If so be as you're quick, sir.”
He opened it in the light of the coach-lamp on that side, and read first to himself and then aloud: “'Wait at Dover for Mam'selle.'
It's not long, you see, guard.
Jerry, say that my answer was, RECALLED TO LIFE.”
Jerry started in his saddle.
“That's a Blazing strange answer, too,”
 said he, at his hoarsest.
“Take that message back, and they will know that I received this, as well as if I wrote.
Make the best of your way.
Good night.”
With those words the passenger opened the coach-door and got in; not at all assisted by his fellow-passengers, who had expeditiously secreted their watches and purses in their boots, and were now making a general pretence of being asleep.

"Light your lamp; out with your big bunch of keys," said the lad, "and follow me whither I wish to go.
There is still a whole hour left."
So the lad went the same way which the King had led him the night before, and he bade the King unlock door after door till they came down to the pier which ran out into the sea.
"It's all no use, I tell you," said the King; "time's up, and this will only lead you right out into the sea."
"Still five minutes more," said the lad, as he pulled and pushed at the posts and pins, and the house floated up.
"Now the time is up," bawled the King; "come hither, headsman, and take off his head."
"Nay, nay!"
said the lad; "stop a bit, there are still three minutes!
Out with the key, and let me get into this house."
But there stood the King and fumbled with his keys, to draw out the time.
At last he said he hadn't any key.
"Well, if you haven't, I have," said the lad, as he gave the door such a kick that it flew to splinters inwards on the floor.

One ate my ears, another my nose, a third my neck and my mane.
Some went at my legs and some at my back, and among the others, there was one tiny fish so gentle and polite that he did me the great favor of eating even my tail.”
“From now on,” said the man, horrified, “I swear I shall never again taste fish.
How I should enjoy opening a mullet or a whitefish just to find there the tail of a dead donkey!”
“I think as you do,” answered the Marionette, laughing.
“Still, you must know that when the fish finished eating my donkey coat, which covered me from head to foot, they naturally came to the bones or rather, in my case, to the wood, for as you know, I am made of very hard wood.
After the first few bites, those greedy fish found out that the wood was not good for their teeth, and, afraid of indigestion, they turned and ran here and there without saying good-by or even as much as thank you to me.
Here, dear Master, you have my story.
You know now why you found a Marionette and not a dead donkey when you pulled me out of the water.”
“I laugh at your story!” cried the man angrily.
“I know that I spent four cents to get you and I want my money back.
Do you know what I can do; I am going to take you to the market once more and sell you as dry firewood.”
“Very well, sell me.
I am satisfied,” said Pinocchio.
But as he spoke, he gave a quick leap and dived into the sea.
Swimming away as fast as he could, he cried out, laughing:
“Good-by, Master.

Hatton easily quieted his client.
"Mr. Walter Gerard can do nothing without the deed of '77.
Your documents you say are all secure?"
"They are at this moment in the muniment room of the tower of Mowbray Castle."
"Keep them; this action is a feint."
As for Mr. Baptist Hatton, the next time we see him a few months had elapsed.
He is at the principal hotel in Mowbray in consultation with Stephen Morley.
A great labour demonstration had taken place the previous night on the moors outside the town, and Gerard had been acclaimed as a popular hero.
"Documents are in existence," said Hatton, "which prove the title of Walter Gerard to the proprietorship of this great district.
Two hundred thousand human beings yesterday acknowledged the supremacy of Gerard.
Suppose they had known that within the walls of Mowbray Castle were contained the proofs that Walter Gerard was the lawful possessor of the lands on which they live?
Moral force is a fine thing, friend Morley, but the public spirit is inflamed here.

He listened and became aware that someone was crying in a very smothered voice, “Let me out, let me out!” He looked around, but could discover nothing; nevertheless, he fancied that the voice came out of the ground.
Then he cried, “Where art thou?” The voice answered, “I am down here amongst the roots of the oak-tree.
Let me out!
Let me out!” The scholar began to loosen the earth under the tree, and search among the roots, until at last he found a glass bottle in a little hollow.
He lifted it up and held it against the light, and then saw a creature shaped like a frog, springing up and down in it.
“Let me out!
Let me out!” it cried anew, and the scholar thinking no evil, drew the cork out of the bottle.
Immediately a spirit ascended from it, and began to grow, and grew so fast that in a very few moments he stood before the scholar, a terrible fellow as big as half the tree by which he was standing.
“Knowest thou,” he cried in an awful voice, “what thy wages are for having let me out?” “No,” replied the scholar fearlessly, “how should I know that?” “Then I will tell thee,” cried the spirit; “I must strangle thee for it.” “Thou shouldst have told me that sooner,” said the scholar, “for I should then have left thee shut up, but my head shall stand fast for all thou canst do; more persons than one must be consulted about that.” “More persons here, more persons there,” said the spirit.
“Thou shalt have the wages thou hast earned.
Dost thou think that I was shut up there for such a long time as a favour.
No, it was a punishment for me.

In one place, far from the section usually traversed by tourists, the names “BECKY &
TOM” had been found traced upon the rocky wall with candle-smoke, and near at hand a grease-soiled bit of ribbon.
Mrs. Thatcher recognized the ribbon and cried over it.
She said it was the last relic she should ever have of her child; and that no other memorial of her could ever be so precious, because this one parted latest from the living body before the awful death came.
Some said that now and then, in the cave, a far-away speck of light would glimmer, and then a glorious shout would burst forth and a score of men go trooping down the echoing aisle and then a sickening disappointment always followed; the children were not there; it was only a searcher's light.
Three dreadful days and nights dragged their tedious hours along, and the village sank into a hopeless stupor.
No one had heart for anything.
The accidental discovery, just made, that the proprietor of the Temperance Tavern kept liquor on his premises, scarcely fluttered the public pulse, tremendous as the fact was.
In a lucid interval, Huck feebly led up to the subject of taverns, and finally asked dimly dreading the worst if anything had been discovered at the Temperance Tavern since he had been ill.
“Yes,” said the widow.
Huck started up in bed, wildeyed:
“What?
What was it?”
“Liquor!
and the place has been shut up.
Lie down, child what a turn you did give me!”
“Only tell me just one thing only just one please!

"If I were you," he said, "I should quit it.
I shouldn't go on with those articles."
"Why?"
enquired Smith.
"Because," said Mr. Parker.
He looked at Smith, and smiled slowly, an ingratiating smile.
Smith did not respond.
"I do not completely gather your meaning," he said.
"I fear I must ask you to hand it to me with still more breezy frankness.
Do you speak from purely friendly motives?
Are you advising me to discontinue the series because you fear that it will damage the literary reputation of the paper?
Do you speak solely as a literary connoisseur?

If you desired an adult who would be first baseman in time of peace, Mr. Washington could be telephoned at any hour of the day or night.
If you needed a man to be first in the hearts of his countrymen, George's post-office address was at once secured.
Though he was a great man, he was once a poor boy.
How often you hear that in America!
Here it is a positive disadvantage to be born wealthy.
And yet sometimes I wish they had experimented a little that way on me.
I do not ask now to be born rich, of course, because it is too late; but it seems to me that, with my natural good sense and keen insight into human nature, I could have struggled along under the burdens and cares of wealth with great success.
I do not care to die wealthy, but if I could have been born wealthy it seems to me I would have been tickled almost to death.
I love to believe that true greatness is not accidental.
To think and to say that greatness is a lottery, is pernicious.
Man may be wrong sometimes in his judgment of others, both individually and in the aggregate, but he who gets ready to be a great man will surely find the opportunity.
You will wonder whom I got to write this sentiment for me, but you will never find out.

Things were bad and getting worse.
Everybody was cross, and all wondered what OLD-man would do next, when somebody laughed.
"All turned to see what there could be to laugh at, at such a time, and OLD-man turned about just in time to see the Muskrat bid good-by to his wife that was what they were laughing at.
But he paid no attention to OLD-man or the rest, and slipped from the raft to the water.
Flip!
his tail cut the water like a knife, and he was gone.
Some laughed again, but all wondered at his daring, and waited with little hope in their hearts; for the Muskrat wasn't very great, they thought.
"He was gone longer than the Loon, longer than the Beaver, longer than the Otter or the Gray Goose or his wife, but when he came to the surface of the water he was dead.
"OLD-man brought Muskrat back to life, and asked him what he had seen on his journey.
Muskrat said: 'I saw trees, OLD-man, but I died before I got to them.'
"OLD-man told him he was brave.
He said his people should forever be great if he succeeded in bringing some dirt to the raft; so just as soon as the Muskrat was rested he dove again.

Lightly clad as he was, he started out toward the village.
Along the way he felt very uneasy.
In fact he was so unhappy that he went along taking two steps forward and one back, and as he went he said to himself:
“How shall I ever face my good little Fairy?
What will she say when she sees me?
Will she forgive this last trick of mine?
I am sure she won’t.
Oh, no, she won’t.
And I deserve it, as usual!
For I am a rascal, fine on promises which I never keep!”
He came to the village late at night.
It was so dark he could see nothing and it was raining pitchforks.
Pinocchio went straight to the Fairy’s house, firmly resolved to knock at the door.
When he found himself there, he lost courage and ran back a few steps.

Little Two-Eyes, take the goat and go out to the hillside.
You must stay till it begins to get dark, and then you may come home.
You must work, because you have two eyes like other people, but my little One-Eye and Three-Eyes may stay at home and play.
SCENE II.
On the Hillside 
Little Two-Eyes.
Come, little goat, here is some green grass for you to eat.
I wish that my sisters loved me and that my mother was not ashamed of me.
Oh, why do I have two eyes just like all other people?
I am so hungry, Oh, dear!
Oh, dear!
(Cries.)
Wood Fairy.

Next morning the King had the entire town searched for his daughter’s shoe.
It was found at the soldier’s, and the soldier himself, who at the entreaty of the dwarf had gone outside the gate, was soon brought back, and thrown into prison.
In his flight he had forgotten the most valuable things he had, the blue light and the gold, and had only one ducat in his pocket.
And now loaded with chains, he was standing at the window of his dungeon, when he chanced to see one of his comrades passing by.
The soldier tapped at the pane of glass, and when this man came up, said to him, “Be so kind as to fetch me the small bundle I have left lying in the inn, and I will give you a ducat for doing it.”
His comrade ran thither and brought him what he wanted.
As soon as the soldier was alone again, he lighted his pipe and summoned the black mannikin.
“Have no fear,” said the latter to his master.
“Go wheresoever they take you, and let them do what they will, only take the blue light with you.” Next day the soldier was tried, and though he had done nothing wicked, the judge condemned him to death.
When he was led forth to die, he begged a last favor of the King.
“What is it?”
asked the King.
“That I may smoke one more pipe on my way.” “Thou mayst smoke three,” answered the King, “but do not imagine that I will spare thy life.” Then the soldier pulled out his pipe and lighted it at the blue light, and as soon as a few wreaths of smoke had ascended, the mannikin was there with a small cudgel in his hand, and said, “What does my lord command?” “Strike down to earth that false judge there, and his constable, and spare not the King who has treated me so ill.”
Then the mannikin fell on them like lightning, darting this way and that way, and whosoever was so much as touched by his cudgel fell to earth, and did not venture to stir again.
The King was terrified; he threw himself on the soldier’s mercy, and merely to be allowed to live at all, gave him his kingdom for his own, and the princess to wife.

At other times of the year we sometimes murmured at these labours, but those that were supposed to usher in the great Thanksgiving festival were always entered into with enthusiasm.
There were signs of richness all around us stoning of raisins, cutting of citron, slicing of candied orange peel.
Yet all these were only dawnings and intimations of what was coming during the week of real preparation, after the Governor's proclamation had been read.
The glories of that proclamation!
We knew beforehand the Sunday it was to be read, and walked to church with alacrity, filled with gorgeous and vague expectations.
The cheering anticipation sustained us through what seemed to us the long waste of the sermon and prayers; and when at last the auspicious moment approached when the last quaver of the last hymn had died out the whole house rippled with a general movement of complacency, and a satisfied smile of pleased expectation might be seen gleaming on the faces of all the young people, like a ray of sunshine through a garden of flowers.
Thanksgiving now was dawning!
We children poked one another, and fairly giggled with unreproved delight as we listened to the crackle of the slowly unfolding document.
That great sheet of paper impressed us as something supernatural, by reason of its mighty size and by the broad seal of the State affixed thereto; and when the minister read therefrom, "By his Excellency, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, a Proclamation," our mirth was with difficulty repressed by admonitory glances from our sympathetic elders.
Then, after a solemn enumeration of the benefits which the Commonwealth had that year received at the hands of Divine Providence, came at last the naming of the eventful day, and, at the end of all, the imposing heraldic words, "God save the Commonwealth of Massachusetts."
And then, as the congregation broke up and dispersed, all went their several ways with schemes of mirth and feasting in their heads.
And now came on the week in earnest.

“Now you what do you call yourself, mate?”
“Jim,” I told him.
“Jim, Jim,” says he, quite pleased apparently.
“Well, now, Jim, I've lived that rough as you'd be ashamed to hear of.
Now, for instance, you wouldn't think I had had a pious mother to look at me?” he asked.
“Why, no, not in particular,” I answered.
“Ah, well,” said he, “but I had remarkable pious.
And I was a civil, pious boy, and could rattle off my catechism that fast, as you couldn't tell one word from another.
And here's what it come to, Jim, and it begun with chuck-farthen on the blessed grave-stones!
That's what it begun with, but it went further'n that; and so my mother told me, and predicked the whole, she did, the pious woman!
But it were Providence that put me here.
I've thought it all out in this here lonely island, and I'm back on piety.
You don't catch me tasting rum so much, but just a thimbleful for luck, of course, the first chance I have.

He had described its cheerless look, and the bearing of the child, who seemed as if she was not of the class of those who were treated as drudges and servants.
Bit by bit, Ram Dass had made discoveries concerning the wretchedness of her life.
He had found out how easy a matter it was to climb across the few yards of roof to the skylight, and this fact had been the beginning of all that followed.
"Sahib," he had said one day, "I could cross the slates and make the child a fire when she is out on some errand.
When she returned, wet and cold, to find it blazing, she would think a magician had done it."
The idea had been so fanciful that Mr. Carrisford's sad face had lighted with a smile, and Ram Dass had been so filled with rapture that he had enlarged upon it and explained to his master how simple it would be to accomplish numbers of other things.
He had shown a childlike pleasure and invention, and the preparations for the carrying out of the plan had filled many a day with interest which would otherwise have dragged wearily.
On the night of the frustrated banquet Ram Dass had kept watch, all his packages being in readiness in the attic which was his own; and the person who was to help him had waited with him, as interested as himself in the odd adventure.
Ram Dass had been lying flat upon the slates, looking in at the skylight, when the banquet had come to its disastrous conclusion; he had been sure of the profoundness of Sara's wearied sleep; and then, with a dark lantern, he had crept into the room, while his companion remained outside and handed the things to him.
When Sara had stirred ever so faintly, Ram Dass had closed the lantern-slide and lain flat upon the floor.
These and many other exciting things the children found out by asking a thousand questions.
"I am so glad," Sara said.

Then how we all fly around!
Mother sends Helen up into the attic to get a squash while Mary's makin' the pie crust.
Amos an' I crack the walnuts they call 'em hickory nuts out in this pesky country of sagebrush and pasture land.
The walnuts are hard, and it's all we can do to crack 'em.
Ev'ry once'n a while one on 'em slips outer our fingers and goes dancin' over the floor or flies into the pan Helen is squeezin' pumpkin into through the col'nder.
Helen says we're shif'less an' good for nothin' but frivolin'; but Mother tells us how to crack the walnuts so's not to let 'em fly all over the room, an' so's not to be all jammed to pieces like the walnuts was down at the party at the Peasleys' last winter.
An' now here comes Tryphena Foster, with her gingham gown an' muslin apron on; her folks have gone up to Amherst for Thanksgivin', an' Tryphena has come over to help our folks get dinner.
She thinks a great deal o' Mother, 'cause Mother teaches her Sunday-school class an' says Tryphena oughter marry a missionary.
There is bustle everywhere, the rattle uv pans an' the clatter of dishes; an'
the new kitchen stove begins to warm up an' git red, till Helen loses her wits and is flustered, an' sez she never could git the hang o' that stove's dampers.
"An' now," murmured Ezra gently, as a tone of deeper reverence crept into his voice, "I can see Father sittin' all by himself in the parlour.
Father's hair is very gray, and there are wrinkles on his honest old face.
He is lookin' through the winder at the Holyoke hills over yonder, and I can guess he's thinkin' of the time when he wuz a boy like me an' Amos, an' uster climb over them hills an' kill rattlesnakes an' hunt partridges.

When you think it fled, it may have but become transfigured into some still subtler form.
Ahab’s full lunacy subsided not, but deepeningly contracted; like the unabated Hudson, when that noble Northman flows narrowly, but unfathomably through the Highland gorge.
But, as in his narrow-flowing monomania, not one jot of Ahab’s broad madness had been left behind; so in that broad madness, not one jot of his great natural intellect had perished.
That before living agent, now became the living instrument.
If such a furious trope may stand, his special lunacy stormed his general sanity, and carried it, and turned all its concentred cannon upon its own mad mark; so that far from having lost his strength, Ahab, to that one end, did now possess a thousand fold more potency than ever he had sanely brought to bear upon any one reasonable object.
This is much; yet Ahab’s larger, darker, deeper part remains unhinted.
But vain to popularize profundities, and all truth is profound.
Winding far down from within the very heart of this spiked Hotel de Cluny where we here stand—however grand and wonderful, now quit it;—and take your way, ye nobler, sadder souls, to those vast Roman halls of Thermes; where far beneath the fantastic towers of man’s upper earth, his root of grandeur, his whole awful essence sits in bearded state; an antique buried beneath antiquities, and throned on torsoes!
So with a broken throne, the great gods mock that captive king; so like a Caryatid, he patient sits, upholding on his frozen brow the piled entablatures of ages.
Wind ye down there, ye prouder, sadder souls!
question that proud, sad king!
A family likeness!

To comfort the prisoner they assured him he would certainly be shot within twelve hours.
Then an officer, an aide-de-camp of the Prince of Orange, entered, escorted Van Baerle to the prison gate, and bade him enter a carriage.
Believing himself about to die, he thought sadly of Rosa and of the tulip he was never to see again.
The carriage rolled off, and they travelled all that day and night until the journey ended at Haarlem.
IV.
The Triumph of the Tulip 
Rosa reached Haarlem just four hours after Boxtel's arrival, and she went at once to seek an interview with Mynheer van Systens, the President of the Horticultural Society.
Immediate admittance was granted on her mentioning the magic words "black tulip."
"Sir, the black tulip has been stolen from me," said Rosa.
"But I only saw it two hours ago!"
replied the president.
"You saw it where?"
"Why, at your master's!

The wound was a sword-thrust, received from twenty to twenty-four hours before, but no skill could have saved him if it had been looked to without delay.
He was then dying fast.
As I turned my eyes to the elder brother, I saw him looking down at this handsome boy whose life was ebbing out, as if he were a wounded bird, or hare, or rabbit; not at all as if he were a fellow-creature.
“'How has this been done, monsieur?'
said I.
“'A crazed young common dog!
A serf!
Forced my brother to draw upon him, and has fallen by my brother's sword like a gentleman.'
“There was no touch of pity, sorrow, or kindred humanity, in this answer.
The speaker seemed to acknowledge that it was inconvenient to have that different order of creature dying there, and that it would have been better if he had died in the usual obscure routine of his vermin kind.
He was quite incapable of any compassionate feeling about the boy, or about his fate.
“The boy's eyes had slowly moved to him as he had spoken, and they now slowly moved to me.

Then he said:
“Well, I don't know but somehow it seems as if I did.”
“Then they went on, and you ”
“Follered 'em yes.
That was it.
I wanted to see what was up they sneaked along so.
I dogged 'em to the widder's stile, and stood in the dark and heard the ragged one beg for the widder, and the Spaniard swear he'd spile her looks just as I told you and your two ”
“What!
The deaf and dumb man said all that!”
Huck had made another terrible mistake!
He was trying his best to keep the old man from getting the faintest hint of who the Spaniard might be, and yet his tongue seemed determined to get him into trouble in spite of all he could do.
He made several efforts to creep out of his scrape, but the old man's eye was upon him and he made blunder after blunder.
Presently the Welshman said:
“My boy, don't be afraid of me.
I wouldn't hurt a hair of your head for all the world.
No I'd protect you I'd protect you.
This Spaniard is not deaf and dumb; you've let that slip without intending it; you can't cover that up now.
You know something about that Spaniard that you want to keep dark.

IV 
 Time Travelling 
“I told some of you last Thursday of the principles of the Time Machine, and showed you the actual thing itself, incomplete in the workshop.
There it is now, a little travel-worn, truly; and one of the ivory bars is cracked, and a brass rail bent; but the rest of it’s sound enough.
I expected to finish it on Friday; but on Friday, when the putting together was nearly done, I found that one of the nickel bars was exactly one inch too short, and this I had to get remade; so that the thing was not complete until this morning.
It was at ten o’clock today that the first of all Time Machines began its career.
I gave it a last tap, tried all the screws again, put one more drop of oil on the quartz rod, and sat myself in the saddle.
I suppose a suicide who holds a pistol to his skull feels much the same wonder at what will come next as I felt then.
I took the starting lever in one hand and the stopping one in the other, pressed the first, and almost immediately the second.
I seemed to reel; I felt a nightmare sensation of falling; and, looking round, I saw the laboratory exactly as before.
Had anything happened?
For a moment I suspected that my intellect had tricked me.
Then I noted the clock.
A moment before, as it seemed, it had stood at a minute or so past ten; now it was nearly half-past three!

THE LITTLE MERMAID 
FAR out in the ocean, where the water is as blue as the prettiest cornflower and as clear as crystal, it is very, very deep; so deep, indeed, that no cable could sound it, and many church steeples, piled one upon another, would not reach from the ground beneath to the surface of the water above.
There dwell the Sea King and his subjects.
We must not imagine that there is nothing at the bottom of the sea but bare yellow sand.
No, indeed, for on this sand grow the strangest flowers and plants, the leaves and stems of which are so pliant that the slightest agitation of the water causes them to stir as if they had life.
Fishes, both large and small, glide between the branches as birds fly among the trees here upon land.
In the deepest spot of all stands the castle of the Sea King.
Its walls are built of coral, and the long Gothic windows are of the clearest amber.
The roof is formed of shells that open and close as the water flows over them.
Their appearance is very beautiful, for in each lies a glittering pearl which would be fit for the diadem of a queen.
The Sea King had been a widower for many years, and his aged mother kept house for him.
She was a very sensible woman, but exceedingly proud of her high birth, and on that account wore twelve oysters on her tail, while others of high rank were only allowed to wear six.
She was, however, deserving of very great praise, especially for her care of the little sea princesses, her six granddaughters.

She'll be thankful to get the dollar you see if she isn't!
And tell her if she is making mince pies to sell this year, I'll take three."
Guy walked very slowly down the street until he came to the little house where the Burns family lived.
"I'd hate to live here," he thought.
"I don't see where they all sleep.
My room isn't big enough, but I don't believe there's a room in this house as big as mine.
I shouldn't have a bit of fun, ever, if I lived here.
And I'd hate to have my mother make pies and send me about to sell them."
Then he knocked on the front door, for there was no bell.
No one came.
He could hear people talking in the distance, so he knew some of the family were at home.
Some one always was at home here to look after the little children.

How nice!
how nice!"
"She likes the hole!
I wonder if she will like me?"
And, emboldened by these various successes, Johnny took another peep.
This was the most delicious one of all; for he looked right into a great blue eye, with glimpses of golden hair above, a little round nose in the middle, and red lips below.
It was like a flash of sunshine, and Johnny winked, as if dazzled; for the eye sparkled, the nose sniffed daintily, and the pretty mouth broke into a laugh as the voice cried out delightedly, 
"I see some one!
Who are you?
Come and tell me!"
"I'm Johnny Morris," answered the boy, quite trembling with pleasure.
"Did you make this nice hole?"
"I just poked a brick, and it fell out."

agreed Smith approvingly.
"Tell me, did these gentlemen appear to be gay and light-hearted, or did they seem to be looking for someone with a hatchet?"
"Dey was hoppin' mad, de whole bunch of dem."
"Dreadfully," attested Betty.
"As I suspected," said Smith, "but we must not repine.
These trifling contretemps are the penalties we pay for our high journalistic aims.
I fancy that with the aid of the diplomatic smile and the honeyed word I may manage to win out.
Will you come and give me your moral support, Comrade Brown?"
He opened the door of the inner room for Betty, and followed her in.
Master Maloney's statement that "about 'steen" visitors had arrived proved to be a little exaggerated.
There were five men in the room.
As Smith entered, every eye was turned upon him.

In this decadence, too, the art of fire-making had been forgotten on the earth.
The red tongues that went licking up my heap of wood were an altogether new and strange thing to Weena.
“She wanted to run to it and play with it.
I believe she would have cast herself into it had I not restrained her.
But I caught her up, and in spite of her struggles, plunged boldly before me into the wood.
For a little way the glare of my fire lit the path.
Looking back presently, I could see, through the crowded stems, that from my heap of sticks the blaze had spread to some bushes adjacent, and a curved line of fire was creeping up the grass of the hill.
I laughed at that, and turned again to the dark trees before me.
It was very black, and Weena clung to me convulsively, but there was still, as my eyes grew accustomed to the darkness, sufficient light for me to avoid the stems.
Overhead it was simply black, except where a gap of remote blue sky shone down upon us here and there.
I lit none of my matches because I had no hand free.
Upon my left arm I carried my little one, in my right hand I had my iron bar.

In despair she threw herself upon her knees before him, and said:
"My friend, this is the son of your king.
I give him into your care."
The robber was much surprised to see the queen and the prince alone, with their clothes torn and stained, and their faces white from hunger and fatigue.
But he was a kindhearted man, although his looks were rough, and before he became a robber he had been a follower of King Henry, so he was quite willing to do his best for the little prince.
He took the boy in his arms, and led the way to a cave in the forest, where he lived with his wife.
And in this poor shelter, the queen and her son stayed for two days, listening to every sound, and fearing that their enemies would find them.
On the third day, however, the friendly robber met some of the lords of the Red Rose in the forest, and led them to the cave.
The queen and prince were overjoyed to see their friends, and soon they escaped with them to a place of safety.
Their hiding-place has been called "Queen Margaret's Cave" ever since that time.
If you go to Hexham Forest, you will be able to see it.
William Caxton
In old days, books were not printed as they are now; they were written by hand.
This took a long time to do, so there were not many books, and they were so dear that only the rich could buy them.

“However, I believe there is something of that sort in the air; he is very likely to be in love, for he is a mere boy.
But he won’t write anonymous letters to the old lady; that would be too audacious a thing for him to attempt; but I dare swear the very first thing he did was to show me up to Aglaya as a base deceiver and intriguer.
I confess I was fool enough to attempt something through him at first.
I thought he would throw himself into my service out of revengeful feelings towards the prince, the sly little beast!
But I know him better now.
As for the theft, he may have heard of it from the widow in Petersburg, for if the old man committed himself to such an act, he can have done it for no other object but to give the money to her.
Hippolyte said to me, without any prelude, that the general had promised the widow four hundred roubles.
Of course I understood, and the little wretch looked at me with a nasty sort of satisfaction.
I know him; you may depend upon it he went and told mother too, for the pleasure of wounding her.
And why doesn’t he die, I should like to know?
He undertook to die within three weeks, and here he is getting fatter.
His cough is better, too.

(Careful, careful!)
Maro!
Mar!
(Hit him, hit him!)
Mind the post!
Arre!
Arre!
Hai!
Yai!
Kya-a-ah!” he would shout, and the big fight between Kala Nag and the wild elephant would sway to and fro across the Keddah, and the old elephant catchers would wipe the sweat out of their eyes, and find time to nod to Little Toomai wriggling with joy on the top of the posts.
He did more than wriggle.
One night he slid down from the post and slipped in between the elephants and threw up the loose end of a rope, which had dropped, to a driver who was trying to get a purchase on the leg of a kicking young calf (calves always give more trouble than full-grown animals).

Then the third one said: "Let me have a chance, too, father."
As it was beginning to rain, he drew his sword and swirled it round and round his head, so that not a drop fell on him.
Even when the rain grew heavier, so heavy that it seemed as if it were being poured from the sky out of buckets, he swung the sword faster and faster, and remained as dry as if he had been under a roof.
His father was amazed, and said: "You have done the best; the house is yours."
Both the other brothers were quite satisfied with this decision, and as they were all so devoted to one another, they lived together in the house, and carried on their trades, by which they made plenty of money, since they were so perfect in them.
They lived happily together to a good old age, and when one fell ill and died, the others grieved so much over him that they pined away and soon after departed this life.
Then, as they had been so fond of one another, they were all buried in one grave.
THE WREN AND THE BEAR 
One summer's day the bear and the wolf were walking in the forest, and the bear heard a bird singing very sweetly, and said: "Brother Wolf, what kind of bird is that which is singing so delightfully?"
"That is the King of the birds, before whom we must do reverence,"
replied the wolf; but it was only the wren.
"If that be so," said the bear, "I should like to see his royal palace; come, lead me to it."
"That cannot be as you like," replied the wolf.
"You must wait till the Queen returns."

He had placed the light directly behind him, for he knew that the shadow would always have its master for a screen, but he could not entice it.
He made himself little; he made himself great: but no shadow came again.
He said, “Hem!
hem!”
 but it was of no use.
It was vexatious; but in the warm lands everything grows so quickly; and after the lapse of eight days he observed, to his great joy, that a new shadow came in the sunshine.
In the course of three weeks he had a very fair shadow, which, when he set out for his home in the northern lands, grew more and more in the journey, so that at last it was so long and so large, that it was more than sufficient.
The learned man then came home, and he wrote books about what was true in the world, and about what was good and what was beautiful; and there passed days and years yes!
many years passed away.
One evening, as he was sitting in his room, there was a gentle knocking at the door.
“Come in!” said he; but no one came in; so he opened the door, and there stood before him such an extremely lean man, that he felt quite strange.
As to the rest, the man was very finely dressed he must be a gentleman.
“Whom have I the honor of speaking?” asked the learned man.

At length, therefore, three tailors fell in with each other, the two eldest of whom thought they had done so many dexterous bits of work successfully that they could not fail to succeed in this also; the third was a little useless land-louper, who did not even know his trade, but thought he must have some luck in this venture, for where else was it to come from?
Then the two others said to him, “Just stay at home; thou canst not do much with thy little bit of understanding.”
The little tailor, however, did not let himself be discouraged, and said he had set his head to work about this for once, and he would manage well enough, and he went forth as if the whole world were his.
They all three announced themselves to the princess, and said she was to propound her riddle to them, and that the right persons were now come, who had understandings so fine that they could be threaded in a needle.
Then said the princess, “I have two kinds of hair on my head, of what color is it?” “If that be all,” said the first, “it must be black and white, like the cloth which is called pepper and salt.” The princess said, “Wrongly guessed; let the second answer.” Then said the second, “If it be not black and white, then it is brown and red, like my father’s company coat.” “Wrongly guessed,” said the princess, “let the third give the answer, for I see very well he knows it for certain.” Then the little tailor stepped boldly forth and said, “The princess has a silver and a golden hair on her head, and those are the two different colors.” When the princess heard that, she turned pale and nearly fell down with terror, for the little tailor had guessed her riddle, and she had firmly believed that no man on earth could discover it.
When her courage returned she said, “Thou hast not won me yet by that; there is still something else that thou must do.
Below, in the stable is a bear with which thou shalt pass the night, and when I get up in the morning if thou art still alive, thou shalt marry me.” She expected, however, she should thus get rid of the tailor, for the bear had never yet left any one alive who had fallen into his clutches.
The little tailor did not let himself be frightened away, but was quite delighted, and said, “Boldly ventured is half won.”
When therefore the evening came, our little tailor was taken down to the bear.
The bear was about to set at the little fellow at once, and give him a hearty welcome with his paws: “Softly, softly,” said the little tailor, “I will soon make thee quiet.” Then quite composedly, and as if he had not an anxiety in the world, he took some nuts out of his pocket, cracked them, and ate the kernels.
When the bear saw that, he was seized with a desire to have some nuts too.
The tailor felt in his pockets, and reached him a handful; they were, however, not nuts, but pebbles.
The bear put them in his mouth, but could get nothing out of them, let him bite as he would.
“Eh!” thought he, “what a stupid blockhead I am!

The years dragged on, and by day Finola and her brothers would fly toward the shores of the Green Island of Erin, or to the rocky blue headlands of Alba, or they would swim far out into a dim grey wilderness of waters.
But ever as night fell it was their doom to return to the sea of Moyle.
One day, as they looked toward the Green Isle, they saw coming to the coast a troop of horsemen mounted on snow-white steeds, and their armour glittered in the sun.
A cry of great joy went up from the children of Lir, for they had seen no human form since they spread their wings above Lake Darvra, and flew to the stormy sea of Moyle.
'Speak,' said Finola to her brothers, 'speak, and say if these be not our own Dedannan folk.'
And Aed and Fiacra and Conn strained their eyes, and Aed answered, 'It seemeth, dear sister, to me, that it is indeed our own people.'
As the horsemen drew nearer and saw the four swans, each man shouted in the Gaelic tongue, 'Behold the children of Lir!'
And when Finola and her brothers heard once more the sweet Gaelic speech, and saw the faces of their own people, their happiness was greater than can be told.
For long they were silent, but at length Finola spake.
Of their life on the sea of Moyle she told, of the dreary rains and blustering winds, of the giant waves and the roaring thunder, of the black frost, and of their own poor battered and wounded bodies.
Of their loneliness of soul, of that she could not speak.
'But tell us,' she went on, 'tell us of our father, Lir.

There is another substance, and a very singular one, which turns up in the course of this business, but which I feel it to be very puzzling adequately to describe.
It is called slobgollion; an appellation original with the whalemen, and even so is the nature of the substance.
It is an ineffably oozy, stringy affair, most frequently found in the tubs of sperm, after a prolonged squeezing, and subsequent decanting.
I hold it to be the wondrously thin, ruptured membranes of the case, coalescing.
Gurry, so called, is a term properly belonging to right whalemen, but sometimes incidentally used by the sperm fishermen.
It designates the dark, glutinous substance which is scraped off the back of the Greenland or right whale, and much of which covers the decks of those inferior souls who hunt that ignoble Leviathan.
Nippers.
Strictly this word is not indigenous to the whale’s vocabulary.
But as applied by whalemen, it becomes so.
A whaleman’s nipper is a short firm strip of tendinous stuff cut from the tapering part of Leviathan’s tail: it averages an inch in thickness, and for the rest, is about the size of the iron part of a hoe.
Edgewise moved along the oily deck, it operates like a leathern squilgee; and by nameless blandishments, as of magic, allures along with it all impurities.
But to learn all about these recondite matters, your best way is at once to descend into the blubber-room, and have a long talk with its inmates.

The duty's very light and genteel, the exhibition takes place in assembly rooms or town halls.
There is none of your open-air wagrancy at Jarley's, remember.
And the price of admission is only sixpence."
"We are very much obliged to you, ma'am," said Nell, speaking for her grandfather, "and thankfully accept your offer."
"And you'll never be sorry for it," returned Mrs. Jarley.
"So, as that's all settled, let us have a bit of supper."
The next morning, the caravan having arrived at the town, and the waxworks having been unpacked in the town hall, Mrs. Jarley sat down in an armchair in the centre of the room, and began to instruct Nell in her duty.
"That," said Mrs. Jarley in her exhibition tone, "is an unfortunate maid of honour in the time of Queen Elizabeth, who died from pricking her finger in consequence of working on a Sunday.
Observe the blood which is trickling from her finger, also the gold-eyed needle of the period, with which she is at work."
Nell found in the lady of the caravan a kind and considerate person, who had not only a peculiar relish for being comfortable herself, but for making everybody about her comfortable also.
But the child noticed that her grandfather grew more and more listless and vacant, and soon a greater sorrow was to come.
The passion for gambling revived in the old man one evening, when he and Nell, out walking in the country, took passing shelter from a storm in a small public-house.

And all the while the thick-lipped leviathan is rushing through the deep, leaving tons of tumultuous white curds in his wake, and causing the slight boat to rock in the swells like a skiff caught nigh the paddle-wheels of an ocean steamer.
Thus, the foreground is all raging commotion; but behind, in admirable artistic contrast, is the glassy level of a sea becalmed, the drooping unstarched sails of the powerless ship, and the inert mass of a dead whale, a conquered fortress, with the flag of capture lazily hanging from the whale-pole inserted into his spout-hole.
Who Garnery the painter is, or was, I know not.
But my life for it he was either practically conversant with his subject, or else marvellously tutored by some experienced whaleman.
The French are the lads for painting action.
Go and gaze upon all the paintings of Europe, and where will you find such a gallery of living and breathing commotion on canvas, as in that triumphal hall at Versailles; where the beholder fights his way, pell-mell, through the consecutive great battles of France; where every sword seems a flash of the Northern Lights, and the successive armed kings and Emperors dash by, like a charge of crowned centaurs?
Not wholly unworthy of a place in that gallery, are these sea battle-pieces of Garnery.
The natural aptitude of the French for seizing the picturesqueness of things seems to be peculiarly evinced in what paintings and engravings they have of their whaling scenes.
With not one tenth of England’s experience in the fishery, and not the thousandth part of that of the Americans, they have nevertheless furnished both nations with the only finished sketches at all capable of conveying the real spirit of the whale hunt.
For the most part, the English and American whale draughtsmen seem entirely content with presenting the mechanical outline of things, such as the vacant profile of the whale; which, so far as picturesqueness of effect is concerned, is about tantamount to sketching the profile of a pyramid.
Even Scoresby, the justly renowned Right whaleman, after giving us a stiff full length of the Greenland whale, and three or four delicate miniatures of narwhales and porpoises, treats us to a series of classical engravings of boat hooks, chopping knives, and grapnels; and with the microscopic diligence of a Leuwenhoeck submits to the inspection of a shivering world ninety-six fac-similes of magnified Arctic snow crystals.
I mean no disparagement to the excellent voyager (I honor him for a veteran), but in so important a matter it was certainly an oversight not to have procured for every crystal a sworn affidavit taken before a Greenland Justice of the Peace.

Perhaps he would never have dared to raise his eyes, but that, though the piping was now hushed, the call and the summons seemed still dominant and imperious.
He might not refuse, were Death himself waiting to strike him instantly, once he had looked with mortal eye on things rightly kept hidden.
Trembling he obeyed, and raised his humble head; and then, in that utter clearness of the imminent dawn, while Nature, flushed with fullness of incredible colour, seemed to hold her breath for the event, he looked in the very eyes of the Friend and Helper; saw the backward sweep of the curved horns, gleaming in the growing daylight; saw the stern, hooked nose between the kindly eyes that were looking down on them humourously, while the bearded mouth broke into a half-smile at the corners; saw the rippling muscles on the arm that lay across the broad chest, the long supple hand still holding the pan-pipes only just fallen away from the parted lips; saw the splendid curves of the shaggy limbs disposed in majestic ease on the sward; saw, last of all, nestling between his very hooves, sleeping soundly in entire peace and contentment, the little, round, podgy, childish form of the baby otter.
All this he saw, for one moment breathless and intense, vivid on the morning sky; and still, as he looked, he lived; and still, as he lived, he wondered.
‘Rat!’ he found breath to whisper, shaking.
‘Are you afraid?’
‘Afraid?’ murmured the Rat, his eyes shining with unutterable love.
‘Afraid!
Of HIM?
O, never, never!
And yet and yet O, Mole, I am afraid!’
Then the two animals, crouching to the earth, bowed their heads and did worship.
Sudden and magnificent, the sun’s broad golden disc showed itself over the horizon facing them; and the first rays, shooting across the level water-meadows, took the animals full in the eyes and dazzled them.
When they were able to look once more, the Vision had vanished, and the air was full of the carol of birds that hailed the dawn.

If you do, not one penny of my money ever goes to you.
Remember that, and be a sensible girl," said the old lady impressively.
Now Aunt March possessed in perfection the art of rousing the spirit of opposition in the gentlest people, and enjoyed doing it.
The best of us have a spice of perversity in us, especially when we are young and in love.
If Aunt March had begged Meg to accept John Brooke, she would probably have declared she couldn't think of it, but as she was preemptorily ordered not to like him, she immediately made up her mind that she would.
Inclination as well as perversity made the decision easy, and being already much excited, Meg opposed the old lady with unusual spirit.
"I shall marry whom I please, Aunt March, and you can leave your money to anyone you like," she said, nodding her head with a resolute air.
"Highty-tighty!
Is that the way you take my advice, Miss?
You'll be sorry for it by-and-by, when you've tried love in a cottage and found it a failure."
"It can't be a worse one than some people find in big houses," retorted Meg.
Aunt March put on her glasses and took a look at the girl, for she did not know her in this new mood.

“When evening came I felt that it would be an imprudence to leave so precious a thing in the office behind me.
Bankers’ safes had been forced before now, and why should not mine be?
If so, how terrible would be the position in which I should find myself!
I determined, therefore, that for the next few days I would always carry the case backward and forward with me, so that it might never be really out of my reach.
With this intention, I called a cab and drove out to my house at Streatham, carrying the jewel with me.
I did not breathe freely until I had taken it upstairs and locked it in the bureau of my dressing-room.
“And now a word as to my household, Mr. Holmes, for I wish you to thoroughly understand the situation.
My groom and my page sleep out of the house, and may be set aside altogether.
I have three maid-servants who have been with me a number of years and whose absolute reliability is quite above suspicion.
Another, Lucy Parr, the second waiting-maid, has only been in my service a few months.
She came with an excellent character, however, and has always given me satisfaction.
She is a very pretty girl and has attracted admirers who have occasionally hung about the place.

He didn't like the drawing.
He didn't like the expression of the face.
He didn't like the colouring.
In fact, it made him feel quite ill to look at it.
Yet, being devoted to his father and wanting to do anything rather than give him pain, he had not been able to bring himself to store the thing in the cellar, and the strain of confronting the picture three times a day had begun to tell on him to such an extent that Elizabeth felt something had to be done.
"Now you see," she said.
"In a way," I said.
"But don't you think it's making rather heavy weather over a trifle?"
"Oh, can't you understand?
Look!"
Her voice dropped as if she was in church, and she switched on another light.
It shone on the picture next to old Yeardsley's.

He looked carefully about and noticed that the cords had been bitten through here and there.
So he suspected just what had happened, and began to search about for any creature who could have done the mischief.
There was not a sign of the mouse, but the slow-moving tortoise was soon discovered, and pouncing down upon him, the hunter rolled him up in another net he had with him, and carried him off, "It's not much of a prize," said the hunter to himself, "but better than nothing.
I'll have my revenge on the wretched creature anyhow, as I have lost the prey I sought."
11.
Which of the four friends concerned in this adventure do you admire most?
12.
What was the chief mistake made by the tortoise?
When the tortoise in his turn did not come home, the deer, the crow and the mouse were very much concerned.
They talked the matter over together and decided that, however great the risk to themselves, they must go back and see what had become of their friend.
This time the mouse travelled in one of the eats of the deer, from which he peeped forth with his bright eyes, hoping to see the tortoise toiling along in his usual solemn manner; whilst the crow, also on the watch, flew along beside them.
Great was the surprise and terror of all three when, as they came out of the forest, they saw the hunter striding along towards them, with the tortoise in the net under his arm.

"Take it all.
I'm the only one here who likes sweet things, and it will mold before I can dispose of it," answered Amy, thinking with a sigh of the generous store she had laid in for such an end as this.
"It's a pity Laurie isn't here to help us," began Jo, as they sat down to ice cream and salad for the second time in two days.
A warning look from her mother checked any further remarks, and the whole family ate in heroic silence, till Mr. March mildly observed, "salad was one of the favorite dishes of the ancients, and Evelyn..."
Here a general explosion of laughter cut short the 'history of salads', to the great surprise of the learned gentleman.
"Bundle everything into a basket and send it to the Hummels.
Germans like messes.
I'm sick of the sight of this, and there's no reason you should all die of a surfeit because I've been a fool," cried Amy, wiping her eyes.
"I thought I should have died when I saw you two girls rattling about in the what-you-call-it, like two little kernels in a very big nutshell, and Mother waiting in state to receive the throng," sighed Jo, quite spent with laughter.
"I'm very sorry you were disappointed, dear, but we all did our best to satisfy you," said Mrs. March, in a tone full of motherly regret.
"I am satisfied.
I've done what I undertook, and it's not my fault that it failed.
I comfort myself with that," said Amy with a little quiver in her voice.

The hooting of an owl came over the hill ominous sound!
But no footsteps.
Heavens, was everything lost!
He was about to spring with winged feet, when a man cleared his throat not four feet from him!
Huck's heart shot into his throat, but he swallowed it again; and then he stood there shaking as if a dozen agues had taken charge of him at once, and so weak that he thought he must surely fall to the ground.
He knew where he was.
He knew he was within five steps of the stile leading into Widow Douglas'
grounds.
Very well, he thought, let them bury it there; it won't be hard to find.
Now there was a voice a very low voice Injun Joe's:
“Damn her, maybe she's got company there's lights, late as it is.”
“I can't see any.”
This was that stranger's voice the stranger of the haunted house.
A deadly chill went to Huck's heart this, then, was the “revenge” job!
His thought was, to fly.
Then he remembered that the Widow Douglas had been kind to him more than once, and maybe these men were going to murder her.

The peonies considered it a grand thing to be so large, and puffed themselves out to be larger than the roses.
The tulips knew that they were marked with beautiful colors, and held themselves bolt upright so that they might be seen more plainly.
They did not notice the little daisy outside, but she looked at them and thought: "How rich and beautiful they are!
No wonder the pretty bird flies down to visit them.
How glad I am that I grow so near them, that I may admire their beauty!"
Just at this moment the lark flew down, crying "Tweet," but he did not go to the tall peonies and tulips; he hopped into the grass near the lowly daisy.
She trembled for joy and hardly knew what to think.
The little bird hopped round the daisy, singing, "Oh, what sweet, soft grass, and what a lovely little flower, with gold in its heart and silver on its dress!"
For the yellow center in the daisy looked like gold, and the leaves around were glittering white, like silver.
How happy the little daisy felt, no one can describe.
The bird kissed her with his beak, sang to her, and then flew up again into the blue air above.
It was at least a quarter of an hour before the daisy could recover herself.

Herr Korbes must have been a very wicked man!
42 The Godfather 
A poor man had so many children that he had already asked every one in the world to be godfather, and when still another child was born, no one else was left whom he could invite.
He knew not what to do, and, in his perplexity, he lay down and fell asleep.
Then he dreamt that he was to go outside the gate, and ask the first person who met him to be godfather.
When he awoke, he determined to obey his dream, and went outside the gate, and asked the first person who came up to him to be godfather.
The stranger presented him with a little glass of water, and said, “This is a wonderful water, with it thou canst heal the sick, only thou must see where Death is standing.
If he is standing by the patient’s head, give the patient some of the water and he will be healed, but if Death is standing by his feet, all trouble will be in vain, for the sick man must die.” From this time forth, the man could always say whether a patient could be saved or not, and became famous for his skill, and earned a great deal of money.
Once he was called in to the child of the King, and when he entered, he saw death standing by the child’s head and cured it with the water, and he did the same a second time, but the third time Death was standing by its feet, and then he knew the child was forced to die.
Once the man thought he would visit the godfather, and tell him how he had succeeded with the water.
But when he entered the house, it was such a strange establishment!
On the first flight of stairs, the broom and shovel were disputing, and knocking each other about violently.
He asked them, “Where does the godfather live?” The broom replied, “One flight of stairs higher up.” When he came to the second flight, he saw a heap of dead fingers lying.

The Princess asked her what she wanted for it, and she replied that it was not for sale, either for gold or money, but that if she could get leave to go to the Prince, and be with him during the night, she should have it.
But when she went up to the Prince’s room he was again asleep, and, let her call him, or shake him, or weep as she would, he still slept on, and she could not put any life in him.
When daylight came in the morning, the Princess with the long nose came too, and once more drove her away.
When day had quite come, the girl seated herself under the castle windows, to spin with her golden spinning-wheel, and the Princess with the long nose wanted to have that also.
So she opened the window, and asked what she would take for it.
The girl said what she had said on each of the former occasions that it was not for sale either for gold or for money, but if she could get leave to go to the Prince who lived there, and be with him during the night, she should have it.
“Yes,” said the Princess, “I will gladly consent to that.”
But in that place there were some Christian folk who had been carried off, and they had been sitting in the chamber which was next to that of the Prince, and had heard how a woman had been in there who had wept and called on him two nights running, and they told the Prince of this.
So that evening, when the Princess came once more with her sleeping-drink, he pretended to drink, but threw it away behind him, for he suspected that it was a sleeping-drink.
So, when the girl went into the Prince’s room this time he was awake, and she had to tell him how she had come there.
“You have come just in time,” said the Prince, “for I should have been married to-morrow; but I will not have the long-nosed Princess, and you alone can save me.
I will say that I want to see what my bride can do, and bid her wash the shirt which has the three drops of tallow on it.
This she will consent to do, for she does not know that it is you who let them fall on it; but no one can wash them out but one born of Christian folk: it cannot be done by one of a pack of trolls; and then I will say that no one shall ever be my bride but the woman who can do this, and I know that you can.” There was great joy and gladness between them all that night, but the next day, when the wedding was to take place, the Prince said, “I must see what my bride can do.” “That you may do,” said the stepmother.

The pole was very high, and even if he could get to the top without being seen he'd have to go all the way across hand over hand.
The river was very muddy, and all sorts of unfriendly things might live in it, but my father could think of no other way to get across.
He was about to start up the pole when, despite all the noise the monkeys were making, he heard a loud splash behind him.
He looked all around in the water but it was dusk now, and he couldn't see anything there.
"It's me, Crocodile," said a voice to the left.
"The water's lovely, and I have such a craving for something sweet.
Won't you come in for a swim?"
A pale moon came out from behind the clouds and my father could see where the voice was coming from.
The crocodile's head was just peeping out of the water.
"Oh, no thank you," said my father.
"I never swim after sundown, but I do have something sweet to offer you.
Perhaps you'd like a lollipop, and perhaps you have friends who would like lollipops, too?"

Sit still and don’t talk.”
“Oh, I can’t do that, you know!
I shall say something foolish out of pure ‘funk,’ and break something for the same excellent reason; I know I shall.
Perhaps I shall slip and fall on the slippery floor; I’ve done that before now, you know.
I shall dream of it all night now.
Why did you say anything about it?”
Aglaya looked blackly at him.
“Do you know what, I had better not come at all tomorrow!
I’ll plead sick-list and stay away,” said the prince, with decision.
Aglaya stamped her foot, and grew quite pale with anger.
“Oh, my goodness!
Just listen to that!
‘Better not come,’ when the party is on purpose for him!
Good Lord!

On the contrary, we are quite prepared to feel our share of the indignation which his behaviour aroused in the hearts of his friends.
Even Vera Lebedeff was angry with him for a while; so was Colia; so was Keller, until he was selected for best man; so was Lebedeff himself, who began to intrigue against him out of pure irritation; but of this anon.
In fact we are in full accord with certain forcible words spoken to the prince by Evgenie Pavlovitch, quite unceremoniously, during the course of a friendly conversation, six or seven days after the events at Nastasia Philipovna’s house.
We may remark here that not only the Epanchins themselves, but all who had anything to do with them, thought it right to break with the prince in consequence of his conduct.
Prince S. even went so far as to turn away and cut him dead in the street.
But Evgenie Pavlovitch was not afraid to compromise himself by paying the prince a visit, and did so, in spite of the fact that he had recommenced to visit at the Epanchins’, where he was received with redoubled hospitality and kindness after the temporary estrangement.
Evgenie called upon the prince the day after that on which the Epanchins left Pavlofsk.
He knew of all the current rumours, in fact, he had probably contributed to them himself.
The prince was delighted to see him, and immediately began to speak of the Epanchins; which simple and straightforward opening quite took Evgenie’s fancy, so that he melted at once, and plunged in medias res without ceremony.
The prince did not know, up to this, that the Epanchins had left the place.
He grew very pale on hearing the news; but a moment later he nodded his head, and said thoughtfully:
“I knew it was bound to be so.” Then he added quickly:
“Where have they gone to?”
Evgenie meanwhile observed him attentively, and the rapidity of the questions, their simplicity, the prince’s candour, and at the same time, his evident perplexity and mental agitation, surprised him considerably.
However, he told Muishkin all he could, kindly and in detail.

The spider turned him round about, and went into his den,   For well he knew the silly fly would soon come back again:
  So he wove a subtle web in a little corner sly,   And set his table ready to dine upon the fly;   Then came out to his door again, and merrily did sing:
  "Come hither, hither, pretty fly, with pearl and silver wing;   Your robes are green and purple; there's a crest upon your head;   Your eyes are like the diamond bright, but mine are dull as lead!"
Alas, alas!
how very soon this silly little fly,   Hearing his wily, flattering words, came slowly flitting by;   With buzzing wings she hung aloft, then near and nearer drew,   Thinking only of her brilliant eyes and green and purple hue,   Thinking only of her crested head.
Poor, foolish thing!
at last   Up jumped the cunning spider, and fiercely held her fast;   He dragged her up his winding stair, into the dismal den 
  Within his little parlor but she ne'er came out again!
And now, dear little children, who may this story read,   To idle, silly, flattering words I pray you ne'er give heed;   Unto an evil counselor close heart and ear and eye,   And take a lesson from this tale of the spider and the fly.
MARY HOWITT 
 
LET DOGS DELIGHT TO BARK AND BITE 
  Let dogs delight to bark and bite,     For God hath made them so;   Let bears and lions growl and fight,     For 'tis their nature to; 
  But, children, you should never let     Your angry passions rise:
  Your little hands were never made     To tear each other's eyes.
Let love through all your actions run,     And all your words be mild;   Live like the blessèd Virgin's Son, 
    That sweet and lovely child.
His soul was gentle as a lamb;     And as his stature grew,   He grew in favor both with man     And God his father, too.
Now, Lord of all, he reigns above;     And from his heavenly throne,   He sees what children dwell in love,     And marks them for his own.
ISAAC WATTS 
 
CHILD'S EVENING HYMN 
  Now the day is over,     Night is drawing nigh,   Shadows of the evening     Steal across the sky.
Now the darkness gathers,     Stars begin to peep,   Birds and beasts and flowers     Soon will be asleep.

She enjoyed the skipping very much and when she reached the little gate she opened it and went through because she heard a low, peculiar whistling sound and wanted to find out what it was.
It was a very strange thing indeed.
She quite caught her breath as she stopped to look at it.
A boy was sitting under a tree, with his back against it, playing on a rough wooden pipe.
He was a funny looking boy about twelve.
He looked very clean and his nose turned up and his cheeks were as red as poppies and never had Mistress Mary seen such round and such blue eyes in any boy’s face.
And on the trunk of the tree he leaned against, a brown squirrel was clinging and watching him, and from behind a bush nearby a cock pheasant was delicately stretching his neck to peep out, and quite near him were two rabbits sitting up and sniffing with tremulous noses—and actually it appeared as if they were all drawing near to watch him and listen to the strange low little call his pipe seemed to make.
When he saw Mary he held up his hand and spoke to her in a voice almost as low as and rather like his piping.
“Don’t tha’ move,” he said.
“It’d flight ’em.”
Mary remained motionless.
He stopped playing his pipe and began to rise from the ground.
He moved so slowly that it scarcely seemed as though he were moving at all, but at last he stood on his feet and then the squirrel scampered back up into the branches of his tree, the pheasant withdrew his head and the rabbits dropped on all fours and began to hop away, though not at all as if they were frightened.

"Don't leave me, Ross," pleaded the Jilton boy.
"I can't stay here and I can't go down."
The tone was hysterical.
The boy with freckles took his companion by the arm without another word and marched him down the stairs.
"We may get a chance yet to call on Champe all by herself out on the porch or in the arbor before she goes to school," he suggested, by way of putting some spine into the black-eyed boy.
An emphatic bell rang when they were half-way down the stairs.
Clutching their hats, they slunk into the dining-room.
Even Mr.
Claiborne seemed to notice something unusual in their bearing as they settled into the chairs assigned to them, and asked them kindly if they had slept well.
It was plain that Aunt Missouri had been posting him as to her understanding of the intentions of these young men.
The state of affairs gave an electric hilarity to the atmosphere.
Babe travelled from the sideboard to the table, trembling like chocolate pudding.
Cady insisted on bringing in the cakes herself, and grinned as she whisked her starched blue skirts in and out of the dining-room.

He commanded the upper sails to be well hoisted, sheeted home anew, and every way expanded to the breeze.
Now this Radney, I suppose, was as little of a coward, and as little inclined to any sort of nervous apprehensiveness touching his own person as any fearless, unthinking creature on land or on sea that you can conveniently imagine, gentlemen.
Therefore when he betrayed this solicitude about the safety of the ship, some of the seamen declared that it was only on account of his being a part owner in her.
So when they were working that evening at the pumps, there was on this head no small gamesomeness slily going on among them, as they stood with their feet continually overflowed by the rippling clear water; clear as any mountain spring, gentlemen—that bubbling from the pumps ran across the deck, and poured itself out in steady spouts at the lee scupper-holes.
“Now, as you well know, it is not seldom the case in this conventional world of ours—watery or otherwise; that when a person placed in command over his fellow-men finds one of them to be very significantly his superior in general pride of manhood, straightway against that man he conceives an unconquerable dislike and bitterness; and if he have a chance he will pull down and pulverize that subaltern’s tower, and make a little heap of dust of it.
Be this conceit of mine as it may, gentlemen, at all events Steelkilt was a tall and noble animal with a head like a Roman, and a flowing golden beard like the tasseled housings of your last viceroy’s snorting charger; and a brain, and a heart, and a soul in him, gentlemen, which had made Steelkilt Charlemagne, had he been born son to Charlemagne’s father.
But Radney, the mate, was ugly as a mule; yet as hardy, as stubborn, as malicious.
He did not love Steelkilt, and Steelkilt knew it.
“Espying the mate drawing near as he was toiling at the pump with the rest, the Lakeman affected not to notice him, but unawed, went on with his gay banterings.
“‘Aye, aye, my merry lads, it’s a lively leak this; hold a cannikin, one of ye, and let’s have a taste.
By the Lord, it’s worth bottling!
I tell ye what, men, old Rad’s investment must go for it!

you are so great, and I am so small,   I hardly can think of you, World, at all;   And yet, when I said my prayers to-day,   My mother kissed me, and said, quite gay, 
  "If the wonderful World is great to you,   And great to father and mother, too,   You are more than the Earth, though you are such a dot!
You can love and think, and the Earth cannot!"
WILLIAM BRIGHTY RANDS 
 
HARK!
HARK!
THE LARK 
  Hark!
hark!
the lark at heaven's gate sings,       And Phoebus 'gins arise,   His steeds to water at those springs       On chaliced flowers that lies; 
  And winking Mary-buds begin       To ope their golden eyes;   With every thing that pretty bin,       My lady sweet, arise;         Arise, arise.
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE 
 
JOG ON, JOG ON 
  Jog on, jog on, the foot-path way,     And merrily hent the stile-a;   A merry heart goes all the day,     Your sad tires in a mile-a.
WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE 
 
SWEET STORY OF OLD 
  I think when I read that sweet story of old,     When Jesus was here among men,   How He call'd little children as lambs to His fold,     I should like to have been with them then.
I wish that His hands had been placed on my head,     That His arm had been thrown around me,   And that I might have seen His kind look when He said,     "Let the little ones come unto me."
Yet still to His footstool in prayer I may go,     And ask for a share in His love;   And if I thus earnestly seek Him below,     I shall see Him and hear Him above; 
  In that beautiful place He has gone to prepare     For all who are washed and forgiven;   And many dear children shall be with Him there,   For of such is the kingdom of heaven.
But thousands and thousands who wander and fall,     Never heard of that heavenly home;   I wish they could know there is room for them all,     And that Jesus has bid them to come.

There were the four blackened walls, and a rusted iron ring in one of them.
“Pass that torch slowly along these walls, that I may see them,” said Defarge to the turnkey.
The man obeyed, and Defarge followed the light closely with his eyes.
“Stop!
Look here, Jacques!”
“A.
M.!” croaked Jacques Three, as he read greedily.
“Alexandre Manette,” said Defarge in his ear, following the letters with his swart forefinger, deeply engrained with gunpowder.
“And here he wrote 'a poor physician.'
And it was he, without doubt, who scratched a calendar on this stone.
What is that in your hand?
A crowbar?
Give it me!”
He had still the linstock of his gun in his own hand.

In short, that is what convinced me that Tchebaroff must be a rogue, and that he had induced Mr. Burdovsky to attempt this fraud.”
“But this is intolerable!” cried the visitors, some of them starting to their feet.
“Gentlemen, I supposed from this that poor Mr. Burdovsky must be a simple-minded man, quite defenceless, and an easy tool in the hands of rogues.
That is why I thought it my duty to try and help him as ‘Pavlicheff’s son’; in the first place by rescuing him from the influence of Tchebaroff, and secondly by making myself his friend.
I have resolved to give him ten thousand roubles; that is about the sum which I calculate that Pavlicheff must have spent on me.”
“What, only ten thousand!” cried Hippolyte.
“Well, prince, your arithmetic is not up to much, or else you are mighty clever at it, though you affect the air of a simpleton,” said Lebedeff’s nephew.
“I will not accept ten thousand roubles,” said Burdovsky.
“Accept, Antip,” whispered the boxer eagerly, leaning past the back of Hippolyte’s chair to give his friend this piece of advice.
“Take it for the present; we can see about more later on.”
“Look here, Mr. Muishkin,” shouted Hippolyte, “please understand that we are not fools, nor idiots, as your guests seem to imagine; these ladies who look upon us with such scorn, and especially this fine gentleman”
 (pointing to Evgenie Pavlovitch) “whom I have not the honour of knowing, though I think I have heard some talk about him ”
“Really, really, gentlemen,” cried the prince in great agitation, “you are misunderstanding me again.
In the first place, Mr. Keller, you have greatly overestimated my fortune in your article.
I am far from being a millionaire.
I have barely a tenth of what you suppose.
Secondly, my treatment in Switzerland was very far from costing tens of thousands of roubles.

I will see thee no more.”
“Yes, father, right willingly, wait only until it is day.
Then will I go forth and learn how to shudder, and then I shall, at any rate, understand one art which will support me.” “Learn what thou wilt,”
spake the father, “it is all the same to me.
Here are fifty thalers for thee.
Take these and go into the wide world, and tell no one from whence thou comest, and who is thy father, for I have reason to be ashamed of thee.” “Yes, father, it shall be as you will.
If you desire nothing more than that, I can easily keep it in mind.”
When day dawned, therefore, the boy put his fifty thalers into his pocket, and went forth on the great highway, and continually said to himself, “If I could but shudder!
If I could but shudder!” Then a man approached who heard this conversation which the youth was holding with himself, and when they had walked a little farther to where they could see the gallows, the man said to him, “Look, there is the tree where seven men have married the ropemaker’s daughter, and are now learning how to fly.
Sit down below it, and wait till night comes, and you will soon learn how to shudder.” “If that is all that is wanted,” answered the youth, “it is easily done; but if I learn how to shudder as fast as that, thou shalt have my fifty thalers.
Just come back to me early in the morning.” Then the youth went to the gallows, sat down below it, and waited till evening came.
And as he was cold, he lighted himself a fire, but at midnight the wind blew so sharply that in spite of his fire, he could not get warm.
And as the wind knocked the hanged men against each other, and they moved backwards and forwards, he thought to himself “Thou shiverest below by the fire, but how those up above must freeze and suffer!” And as he felt pity for them, he raised the ladder, and climbed up, unbound one of them after the other, and brought down all seven.
Then he stirred the fire, blew it, and set them all round it to warm themselves.
But they sat there and did not stir, and the fire caught their clothes.

This temporary successor in the editorship was none other than John's friend, Rupert Smith, late of the News.
Smith, on leaving Harvard, had been attracted by newspaper work, and had found his first billet on a Western journal of the type whose society column consists of such items as "Jim Thompson was to town yesterday with a bunch of other cheap skates.
We take this opportunity of once more informing Jim that he is a liar and a skunk," and whose editor works with a pistol on his desk and another in his hip-pocket.
Graduating from this, he had proceeded to a reporter's post on a daily paper in Kentucky, where there were blood feuds and other Southern devices for preventing life from becoming dull.
All this was good, but even while he enjoyed these experiences, New York, the magnet, had been tugging at him, and at last, after two eventful years on the Kentucky paper, he had come East, and eventually won through to the staff of the News.
His presence in the office of Peaceful Moments was due to the uncomfortable habit of most of the New York daily papers of cutting down their staff of reporters during the summer.
The dismissed had, to sustain them, the knowledge that they would return, like the swallows, anon, and be received back into their old places; but in the meantime they suffered the inconvenience of having to support themselves as best they could.
Smith, when, in the company of half-a-dozen others, he had had to leave the News, had heard of the vacant post of assistant editor on Peaceful Moments, and had applied for and received it.
Whereby he was more fortunate than some of his late colleagues; though, as the character of his new work unrolled itself before him, he was frequently doubtful on that point.
For the atmosphere of Peaceful Moments, however wholesome, was certainly not exciting, and his happened to be essentially a nature that needed the stimulus of excitement.
Even in Park Row, the denizens of which street are rarely slaves to the conventional and safe, he had a well-established reputation in this matter.
Others of his acquaintances welcomed excitement when it came to them in the course of the day's work, but it was Smith's practise to go in search of it.

aye, tiny mosses in these warped cracks.
No such green weather stains on Ahab’s head!
There’s the difference now between man’s old age and matter’s.
But aye, old mast, we both grow old together; sound in our hulls, though, are we not, my ship?
Aye, minus a leg, that’s all.
By heaven this dead wood has the better of my live flesh every way.
I can’t compare with it; and I’ve known some ships made of dead trees outlast the lives of men made of the most vital stuff of vital fathers.
What’s that he said?
he should still go before me, my pilot; and yet to be seen again?
But where?
Will I have eyes at the bottom of the sea, supposing I descend those endless stairs?
and all night I’ve been sailing from him, wherever he did sink to.

Guy Fawkes
In the time of James I, many of the English people were very hardly treated because of their religion.
At last they could bear the ill-usage no longer, and they thought of a plan to get rid of the king and queen and their eldest son.
Many barrels of gunpowder were secretly put into a cellar under the Parliament House, where James was to meet his lords and commons on November 5; and a man named Guy Fawkes was hired to set fire to it at the right time, and so to blow up the hall above, and all in it.
All was ready, when one of the plotters remembered that a friend of his would be at the meeting next day.
As he did not wish him to be killed, he sent him a letter, without signing his name, saying: "Do not go to the House, for there shall be a sudden blow to many, and they shall not see who hurts them".
The lord who received this letter took it to the King's Council, and when King James saw it, he guessed what the "sudden blow" would be.
Men were sent to search the cellars, and there, on the very night before the deed was to be done, Guy Fawkes was found waiting till the time should come to set fire to the powder.
He was cruelly tortured to make him tell all he knew, but he was a brave man, and he died without betraying his friends.
Since that time, every year, on the 5th of November, bonfires have been lighted in many places in England, and "guys" burned, to remind people how an English king was once saved from a great danger.
Cromwell and his Ironsides
When Charles I came to the throne of England, it was soon seen that he was as bad a king as his father James I had been.
He did not care at all for the good of his country and his people, but thought only of his own pleasure.
He took away men's money and lands, and if they offended him he took their lives too.

There was nothing the young gentleman would have liked better, but elephants could not have dragged him back after the scolding he had received.
Pride forbid, and whenever the longing grew very strong, he fortified his resolution by repeating the words that had made the deepest impression "I despise you."
"Go and do something splendid that will make her love you."
Laurie turned the matter over in his mind so often that he soon brought himself to confess that he had been selfish and lazy, but then when a man has a great sorrow, he should be indulged in all sorts of vagaries till he has lived it down.
He felt that his blighted affections were quite dead now, and though he should never cease to be a faithful mourner, there was no occasion to wear his weeds ostentatiously.
Jo wouldn't love him, but he might make her respect and admire him by doing something which should prove that a girl's 'No' had not spoiled his life.
He had always meant to do something, and Amy's advice was quite unnecessary.
He had only been waiting till the aforesaid blighted affections were decently interred.
That being done, he felt that he was ready to 'hide his stricken heart, and still toil on'.
As Goethe, when he had a joy or a grief, put it into a song, so Laurie resolved to embalm his love sorrow in music, and to compose a Requiem which should harrow up Jo's soul and melt the heart of every hearer.
Therefore the next time the old gentleman found him getting restless and moody and ordered him off, he went to Vienna, where he had musical friends, and fell to work with the firm determination to distinguish himself.
But whether the sorrow was too vast to be embodied in music, or music too ethereal to uplift a mortal woe, he soon discovered that the Requiem was beyond him just at present.

This sudden noise startled us shockingly; but the news was good, for it was only six.
“Now, Jim,” she said, “that key.”
I felt in his pockets, one after another.
A few small coins, a thimble, and some thread and big needles, a piece of pigtail tobacco bitten away at the end, his gully with the crooked handle, a pocket compass, and a tinder box were all that they contained, and I began to despair.
“Perhaps it's round his neck,” suggested my mother.
Overcoming a strong repugnance, I tore open his shirt at the neck, and there, sure enough, hanging to a bit of tarry string, which I cut with his own gully, we found the key.
At this triumph we were filled with hope and hurried upstairs without delay to the little room where he had slept so long and where his box had stood since the day of his arrival.
It was like any other seaman's chest on the outside, the initial “B”
 burned on the top of it with a hot iron, and the corners somewhat smashed and broken as by long, rough usage.
“Give me the key,” said my mother; and though the lock was very stiff, she had turned it and thrown back the lid in a twinkling.
A strong smell of tobacco and tar rose from the interior, but nothing was to be seen on the top except a suit of very good clothes, carefully brushed and folded.
They had never been worn, my mother said.
Under that, the miscellany began a quadrant, a tin canikin, several sticks of tobacco, two brace of very handsome pistols, a piece of bar silver, an old Spanish watch and some other trinkets of little value and mostly of foreign make, a pair of compasses mounted with brass, and five or six curious West Indian shells.
I have often wondered since why he should have carried about these shells with him in his wandering, guilty, and hunted life.

Lebedeff immediately procured the services of an old doctor, and carried the latter away to Pavlofsk to see the prince, by way of viewing the ground, as it were, and to give him (Lebedeff) counsel as to whether the thing was to be done or not.
The visit was not to be official, but merely friendly.
Muishkin remembered the doctor’s visit quite well.
He remembered that Lebedeff had said that he looked ill, and had better see a doctor; and although the prince scouted the idea, Lebedeff had turned up almost immediately with his old friend, explaining that they had just met at the bedside of Hippolyte, who was very ill, and that the doctor had something to tell the prince about the sick man.
The prince had, of course, at once received him, and had plunged into a conversation about Hippolyte.
He had given the doctor an account of Hippolyte’s attempted suicide; and had proceeded thereafter to talk of his own malady, of Switzerland, of Schneider, and so on; and so deeply was the old man interested by the prince’s conversation and his description of Schneider’s system, that he sat on for two hours.
Muishkin gave him excellent cigars to smoke, and Lebedeff, for his part, regaled him with liqueurs, brought in by Vera, to whom the doctor a married man and the father of a family addressed such compliments that she was filled with indignation.
They parted friends, and, after leaving the prince, the doctor said to Lebedeff: “If all such people were put under restraint, there would be no one left for keepers.” Lebedeff then, in tragic tones, told of the approaching marriage, whereupon the other nodded his head and replied that, after all, marriages like that were not so rare; that he had heard that the lady was very fascinating and of extraordinary beauty, which was enough to explain the infatuation of a wealthy man; that, further, thanks to the liberality of Totski and of Rogojin, she possessed so he had heard not only money, but pearls, diamonds, shawls, and furniture, and consequently she could not be considered a bad match.
In brief, it seemed to the doctor that the prince’s choice, far from being a sign of foolishness, denoted, on the contrary, a shrewd, calculating, and practical mind.
Lebedeff had been much struck by this point of view, and he terminated his confession by assuring the prince that he was ready, if need be, to shed his very life’s blood for him.
Hippolyte, too, was a source of some distraction to the prince at this time; he would send for him at any and every hour of the day.
They lived, Hippolyte and his mother and the children, in a small house not far off, and the little ones were happy, if only because they were able to escape from the invalid into the garden.

If you wake in the night, sing that out lustily, and fall asleep again."
The time wore on.
Five o'clock had struck six seven and eight.
They were to die at noon, and in the crowd without it was said they could tell the hangman, when he came out, by his being the shorter one, and that the man who was to suffer with him was named Hugh; and that it was Barnaby Rudge who would be hanged in Bloomsbury Square.
At the first stroke of twelve the prison bell began to toll, and the three were brought forth into the yard together.
Barnaby was the only one who had washed or trimmed himself that morning.
He still wore the broken peacock's feathers in his hat; and all his usual scraps of finery were carefully disposed about his person.
"What cheer, Barnaby?
", cried Hugh.
"Don't be downcast, lad.
Leave that to him," he added, with a nod in the direction of Dennis, held up between two men.
"Bless you!"

"The tired brain," he said, "needs to recuperate.
To feed on such a night as this in some low-down hostelry on the level of the street, with German waiters breathing heavily down the back of one's neck and two fiddles and a piano hitting up ragtime about three feet from one's tympanum, would be false economy.
Here, fanned by cool breezes and surrounded by passably fair women and brave men, one may do a certain amount of tissue-restoring.
Moreover, there is little danger up here of being slugged by our moth-eaten acquaintance of this afternoon.
We shall probably find him waiting for us at the main entrance with a black-jack, but till then "
He turned with gentle grace to his soup.
It was a warm night, and the roof-garden was full.
From where they sat they could see the million twinkling lights of the city.
John, watching them, as he smoked a cigarette at the conclusion of the meal, had fallen into a dream.
He came to himself with a start, to find Smith in conversation with a waiter.
"Yes, my name is Smith," he was saying.
The waiter retired to one of the tables and spoke to a young man sitting there.
John, recollected having seen this solitary diner looking in their direction once or twice during dinner, but the fact had not impressed him.

In a hundred other ways he has helped him.
Everybody about here speaks of his kindness to him.”
“Really!
Does it not strike you as a little singular that this McCarthy, who appears to have had little of his own, and to have been under such obligations to Turner, should still talk of marrying his son to Turner’s daughter, who is, presumably, heiress to the estate, and that in such a very cocksure manner, as if it were merely a case of a proposal and all else would follow?
It is the more strange, since we know that Turner himself was averse to the idea.
The daughter told us as much.
Do you not deduce something from that?”
“We have got to the deductions and the inferences,” said Lestrade, winking at me.
“I find it hard enough to tackle facts, Holmes, without flying away after theories and fancies.”
“You are right,” said Holmes demurely; “you do find it very hard to tackle the facts.”
“Anyhow, I have grasped one fact which you seem to find it difficult to get hold of,” replied Lestrade with some warmth.
“And that is—”
“That McCarthy senior met his death from McCarthy junior and that all theories to the contrary are the merest moonshine.”
“Well, moonshine is a brighter thing than fog,” said Holmes, laughing.
“But I am very much mistaken if this is not Hatherley Farm upon the left.”
“Yes, that is it.” It was a widespread, comfortable-looking building, two-storied, slate-roofed, with great yellow blotches of lichen upon the grey walls.
The drawn blinds and the smokeless chimneys, however, gave it a stricken look, as though the weight of this horror still lay heavy upon it.
We called at the door, when the maid, at Holmes’
request, showed us the boots which her master wore at the time of his death, and also a pair of the son’s, though not the pair which he had then had.
Having measured these very carefully from seven or eight different points, Holmes desired to be led to the court-yard, from which we all followed the winding track which led to Boscombe Pool.

It was not more than two or three hundred yards from the Epanchins’
house to Lebedeff’s.
The first disagreeable impression experienced by Mrs. Epanchin was to find the prince surrounded by a whole assembly of other guests not to mention the fact that some of those present were particularly detestable in her eyes.
The next annoying circumstance was when an apparently strong and healthy young fellow, well dressed, and smiling, came forward to meet her on the terrace, instead of the half-dying unfortunate whom she had expected to see.
She was astonished and vexed, and her disappointment pleased Colia immensely.
Of course he could have undeceived her before she started, but the mischievous boy had been careful not to do that, foreseeing the probably laughable disgust that she would experience when she found her dear friend, the prince, in good health.
Colia was indelicate enough to voice the delight he felt at his success in managing to annoy Lizabetha Prokofievna, with whom, in spite of their really amicable relations, he was constantly sparring.
“Just wait a while, my boy!” said she; “don’t be too certain of your triumph.” And she sat down heavily, in the arm-chair pushed forward by the prince.
Lebedeff, Ptitsin, and General Ivolgin hastened to find chairs for the young ladies.
Varia greeted them joyfully, and they exchanged confidences in ecstatic whispers.
“I must admit, prince, I was a little put out to see you up and about like this I expected to find you in bed; but I give you my word, I was only annoyed for an instant, before I collected my thoughts properly.
I am always wiser on second thoughts, and I dare say you are the same.
I assure you I am as glad to see you well as though you were my own son, yes, and more; and if you don’t believe me the more shame to you, and it’s not my fault.

I'm goin' to make him keep his dollar, an' I'm goin' to give him somethin' to go 'long with it."
"The good Lord have mercy upon us!"
exclaimed Marann, springing up and catching hold of her mother's skirts, as she began her advance towards the bar-room.
"Oh, ma!
for the Lord's sake!
Sim, Sim, Sim, if you care anything for me in this wide world, don't let ma go into that room!"
"Missis Fluker," said Sim, rising instantly, "wait jest two minutes till I see Mr. Pike on some pressin' business; I won't keep you over two minutes a-waitin'."
He took her, set her down in a chair trembling, looked at her a moment as she began to weep, then, going out and closing the door, strode rapidly to the bar-room.
"Let me help you settle your board-bill, Mr. Pike, by payin' you a little one I owe you."
Doubling his fist, he struck out with a blow that felled the deputy to the floor.
Then catching him by his heels, he dragged him out of the house into the street.
Lifting his foot above his face, he said:
"You stir till I tell you, an' I'll stomp your nose down even with the balance of your mean face.

I wished to stay with him always, for I knew that if I went away, the poor prisoner would have no one to be his friend, which is a sad thing.
"I stayed, but he did not.
He spoke to me so mournfully for the last time, gave me double as much bread and cheese as usual, and kissed his hand to me.
Then he went away and never came back.
I know nothing more of his history.
"The jailer took possession of me now.
He said something about soup from a sausage skewer, but I could not trust him.
He took me in his hand, certainly, but it was to place me in a cage like a treadmill.
Oh, how dreadful it was!
I had to run round and round without getting any farther, and only to make everybody laugh.
"The jailer's granddaughter was a charming little thing.
She had merry eyes, curly hair like the brightest gold, and such a smiling mouth.

It so happened that Beth's funny loan was just the thing, for in laughing over the kits, Laurie forgot his bashfulness, and grew sociable at once.
"That looks too pretty to eat," he said, smiling with pleasure, as Jo uncovered the dish, and showed the blanc mange, surrounded by a garland of green leaves, and the scarlet flowers of Amy's pet geranium.
"It isn't anything, only they all felt kindly and wanted to show it.
Tell the girl to put it away for your tea.
It's so simple you can eat it, and being soft, it will slip down without hurting your sore throat.
What a cozy room this is!"
"It might be if it was kept nice, but the maids are lazy, and I don't know how to make them mind.
It worries me though."
"I'll right it up in two minutes, for it only needs to have the hearth brushed, so and the things made straight on the mantelpiece, so and the books put here, and the bottles there, and your sofa turned from the light, and the pillows plumped up a bit.
Now then, you're fixed."
And so he was, for, as she laughed and talked, Jo had whisked things into place and given quite a different air to the room.
Laurie watched her in respectful silence, and when she beckoned him to his sofa, he sat down with a sigh of satisfaction, saying gratefully...
"How kind you are!

The evil is now irremediable, and it has been entirely your own doing.
Why would you be persuaded by my uncle, Sir Robert, against your own judgment, to place Edward under private tuition, at the most critical time of his life?
If you had only sent him to Westminster as well as myself, instead of sending him to Mr. Pratt's, all this would have been prevented.'
This is the way in which I always consider the matter, and my mother is perfectly convinced of her error."
Elinor would not oppose his opinion, because, whatever might be her general estimation of the advantage of a public school, she could not think of Edward's abode in Mr. Pratt's family, with any satisfaction.
"You reside in Devonshire, I think," was his next observation, "in a cottage near Dawlish."
Elinor set him right as to its situation; and it seemed rather surprising to him that anybody could live in Devonshire, without living near Dawlish.
He bestowed his hearty approbation however on their species of house.
"For my own part," said he, "I am excessively fond of a cottage; there is always so much comfort, so much elegance about them.
And I protest, if I had any money to spare, I should buy a little land and build one myself, within a short distance of London, where I might drive myself down at any time, and collect a few friends about me, and be happy.
I advise every body who is going to build, to build a cottage.
My friend Lord Courtland came to me the other day on purpose to ask my advice, and laid before me three different plans of Bonomi's.

Is this strange little girl a fairy?"
Before Rosy could speak, all heard a shrill, small voice singing, 
    "They come at my call;     And though they are small,   They'll dig the passage clear:
    I never forget;     We'll save them yet,   For love of Rosy dear."
Then all saw a little gray mouse sitting on a stone, waving her tail about, and pointing with her tiny paw to show the moles where to dig.
The men laughed; and Rosy was telling them who she was, when a cry came from the pit, and they saw that the way was clear so they could pull the buried men up.
In a minute they got ropes, and soon had ten poor fellows safe on the ground; pale and dirty, but all alive, and all shouting as if they were crazy, 
"Tom's got it!
Tom's got it!
Hooray for Tom!"
"What is it?"
cried the others; and then they saw Tom come up with the biggest lump of gold ever found in the mountains.
Every one was glad of Tom's luck; for he was a good man, and had worked a long time, and been sick, and couldn't go back to his wife and child.
When he saw Rosy, he dropped the lump, and caught her up, saying, 
"My little girl!
she's better than a million pounds of gold."

"No, Marianne, in no possible way."
"And yet this woman who knows what her art may have been?
how long it may have been premeditated, and how deeply contrived by her!
Who is she?
Who can she be?
Whom did I ever hear him talk of as young and attractive among his female acquaintance?
Oh!
no one, no one he talked to me only of myself."
Another pause ensued; Marianne was greatly agitated, and it ended thus.
"Elinor, I must go home.
I must go and comfort mama.
Can not we be gone to-morrow?"

He slung it across his shoulder, put the tinder-box in his pocket, and marched off to town.
How grand he felt!
What heaps of gold he had in his bundle!
When the soldier reached the town he walked straight to the finest hotel, and asked for the best rooms, and for dinner ordered all his favorite puddings and fruits.
The servant who cleaned his boots tossed her head.
"Shabby boots for a rich man to wear," she said.
But next day the soldier had bought himself very grand new boots, and gay clothing, so that no one could possibly call him shabby.
Shabby!
No, he was a great man now, and people crowded round this rich fellow, told him all the sights there were to be seen in their city, all about their King too, and the beautiful Princess, his daughter.
"I should like to see her, this wonderful Princess," said the soldier.
"But you cannot see her," they told him.
"She lives, the beautiful Princess, in a great copper castle, with walls and towers all round.

Proserpina's eyes being drawn to it by its brisk motion, she saw that this tail was neither more nor less than a live dragon, with fiery eyes, and fangs that had a very poisonous aspect.
And while the three-headed Cerberus was fawning so lovingly on King Pluto, there was the dragon tail wagging against its will, and looking as cross and ill-natured as you can imagine, on its own separate account.
"Will the dog bite me?"
asked Proserpina, shrinking closer to Pluto.
"What an ugly creature he is!"
"O, never fear," answered her companion.
"He never harms people, unless they try to enter my dominions without being sent for, or to get away when I wish to keep them here.
Down, Cerberus!
Now, my pretty Proserpina, we will drive on."
On went the chariot, and King Pluto seemed greatly pleased to find himself once more in his own kingdom.
He drew Proserpina's attention to the rich veins of gold that were to be seen among the rocks, and pointed to several places where one stroke of a pickaxe would loosen a bushel of diamonds.
All along the road, indeed, there were sparkling gems, which would have been of inestimable value above ground, but which here were reckoned of the meaner sort and hardly worth a beggar's stooping for.

Then her maid said: “I’ll help you; we’ll soon make him shudder.” So she went out to the stream that flowed through the garden, and had a pail full of little gudgeons brought to her.
At night, when the young King was asleep, his wife had to pull the clothes off him, and pour the pail full of little gudgeons over him, so that the little fish swam all about him.
Then he awoke and cried out: “Oh!
how I shudder, how I shudder, dear wife!
Yes, now I know what shuddering is.” (1)

RUMPELSTILTZKIN 
There was once upon a time a poor miller who had a very beautiful daughter.
Now it happened one day that he had an audience with the King, and in order to appear a person of some importance he told him that he had a daughter who could spin straw into gold.
“Now that’s a talent worth having,” said the King to the miller; “if your daughter is as clever as you say, bring her to my palace to-morrow, and I’ll put her to the test.” When the girl was brought to him he led her into a room full of straw, gave her a spinning-wheel and spindle, and said: “Now set to work and spin all night till early dawn, and if by that time you haven’t spun the straw into gold you shall die.” Then he closed the door behind him and left her alone inside.
So the poor miller’s daughter sat down, and didn’t know what in the world she was to do.
She hadn’t the least idea of how to spin straw into gold, and became at last so miserable that she began to cry.
Suddenly the door opened, and in stepped a tiny little man and said:
“Good-evening, Miss Miller-maid; why are you crying so bitterly?” “Oh!”
 answered the girl, “I have to spin straw into gold, and haven’t a notion how it’s done.” “What will you give me if I spin it for you?” asked the manikin.
“My necklace,” replied the girl.
The little man took the necklace, sat himself down at the wheel, and whir, whir, whir, the wheel went round three times, and the bobbin was full.

He is not of our tribe, being footless and with most evil eyes,” said Bagheera.
“He is very old and very cunning.
Above all, he is always hungry,” said Baloo hopefully.
“Promise him many goats.”
“He sleeps for a full month after he has once eaten.
He may be asleep now, and even were he awake what if he would rather kill his own goats?”
 Bagheera, who did not know much about Kaa, was naturally suspicious.
“Then in that case, thou and I together, old hunter, might make him see reason.” Here Baloo rubbed his faded brown shoulder against the Panther, and they went off to look for Kaa the Rock Python.
They found him stretched out on a warm ledge in the afternoon sun, admiring his beautiful new coat, for he had been in retirement for the last ten days changing his skin, and now he was very splendid darting his big blunt-nosed head along the ground, and twisting the thirty feet of his body into fantastic knots and curves, and licking his lips as he thought of his dinner to come.
“He has not eaten,” said Baloo, with a grunt of relief, as soon as he saw the beautifully mottled brown and yellow jacket.
“Be careful, Bagheera!
He is always a little blind after he has changed his skin, and very quick to strike.”
Kaa was not a poison snake in fact he rather despised the poison snakes as cowards but his strength lay in his hug, and when he had once lapped his huge coils round anybody there was no more to be said.
“Good hunting!” cried Baloo, sitting up on his haunches.
Like all snakes of his breed Kaa was rather deaf, and did not hear the call at first.

Sam Merritt has come up from Palmer to spend Thanksgivin' with the ol' folks, an' he is singin' tenor to-day in his ol' place in the choir.
Some folks say he sings wonderful well, but I don't like Sam's voice.
Laura sings soprano in the choir, and Sam stands next to her an'
holds the book.
"Seems as if I could hear the minister's voice, full of earnestness an'
melody, comin' from way up in his little round pulpit.
He is tellin' us why we should be thankful, an', as he quotes Scriptur' an' Dr. Watts, we boys wonder how anybody can remember so much of the Bible.
Then I get nervous and worried.
Seems to me the minister was never comin' to lastly, and I find myself wonderin' whether Laura is listenin' to what the preachin' is about, or is writin' notes to Sam Merritt in the back of the tune book.
I get thirsty, too, and I fidget about till Father looks at me, and Mother nudges Helen, and Helen passes it along to me with interest.
"An' then," continues Ezra in his revery, "when the last hymn is given out an' we stan' up agin an' join the choir, I am glad to see that Laura is singin' outer the book with Miss Hubbard, the alto.
An' goin'
out o' meetin' I kind of edge up to Laura and ask her if I kin have the pleasure of seein' her home.
"An' now we boys all go out on the Common to play ball.
The Enfield boys have come over, and, as all the Hampshire county folks know, they are tough fellers to beat.

Mr. Pickwick turned indignantly away.
"Don't bother the woman," said the turnkey to Weller; "she's just come in."
"A pris'ner!"
said Sam.
"Who's the plaintives?
What for?
Speak up, old feller!"
"Dodson and Fogg," replied the man.
"Here, Job, Job!"
shouted Sam, dashing into the passage, and calling for a man who went errands for the prisoners.
"Run to Mr. Perker's, Job; I want him directly.
I see some good in this.

Then he took the boy by the hand, and there was an odd shake in his voice as he said:
"I'm greatly obliged to you.
We all are.
Something happened to our plum pudding, and we didn't have any.
Tell your ma we send our thanks."
There was a sound of voices greeting in the hallway, and two young girls entered, each laden with a basket.
"Oh, Mr. Todd," they both said at once, "we couldn't wait to knock.
We want you to try some of our Thanksgiving.
It was mother's birthday, and we cooked extra for that, and we've got so much.
We can't get all ours onto the table.
She'll feel real hurt if you don't."
Somehow Eph couldn't say a word, but there was nothing the matter with the heaven-born inventor.
His speech of delighted acceptance was such a good one that before he was half done the girls had loaded the table with good things, and, with smiles and nods and "good-byes," slipped out as rapidly and as gayly as they had come in.

We both laughed, begged each other's pardon, and felt all good and comfortable again.
I made a 'pome' yesterday, when I was helping Hannah wash, and as Father likes my silly little things, I put it in to amuse him.
Give him my lovingest hug that ever was, and kiss yourself a dozen times for your...
TOPSY-TURVY JO 
    A SONG FROM THE SUDS 
    Queen of my tub, I merrily sing,     While the white foam rises high,     And sturdily wash and rinse and wring,     And fasten the clothes to dry.
Then out in the free fresh air they swing,     Under the sunny sky.
I wish we could wash from our hearts and souls     The stains of the week away,     And let water and air by their magic make     Ourselves as pure as they.
Then on the earth there would be indeed,     A glorious washing day!
Along the path of a useful life,     Will heart's-ease ever bloom.
The busy mind has no time to think     Of sorrow or care or gloom.
And anxious thoughts may be swept away,     As we bravely wield a broom.
I am glad a task to me is given,     To labor at day by day,     For it brings me health and strength and hope,     And I cheerfully learn to say,     "Head, you may think, Heart, you may feel,     But, Hand, you shall work alway!"
Dear Mother, 
There is only room for me to send my love, and some pressed pansies from the root I have been keeping safe in the house for Father to see.
I read every morning, try to be good all day, and sing myself to sleep with Father's tune.

"Where did you go yesterday?"
John put the thing to him candidly, as man to man.
"See here, Spiller, suppose you got up one day and found it was a perfectly bully morning, and remembered that the Giants were playing the Athletics, and looked at your mail, and saw that someone had sent you a pass for the game "
"Were you at the ball-game?
You've got the nerve!
Didn't you know there would be trouble?"
"Old man," said John frankly, "I could no more have turned down that pass  Oh, well, what's the use?
It was just great.
I suppose I'd better tackle the boss now.
It's got to be done."
It was not a task to which many would have looked forward.
Most of those who came into contact with Andrew Westley were afraid of him.
He was a capable rather than a lovable man, and too self-controlled to be quite human.

There are quantities of food suitable for us both where he lives, for it is a very fruitful land.
What do you say to coming with me to pay him a visit?"
"How in the world should I get there?"
answered Hiranya.
"It's all very well for you, who can fly.
I can't walk for miles and miles.
For all that I too am sick of this place and would like a change."
"Oh, there's no difficulty about that," replied Laghupatin.
"I will carry you in my beak, and you will get there without any fatigue at all."
To this Hiranya consented, and very early one morning the two friends started off together.
7.
Is love of change a good or a bad thing?

If I thought that all this sparkling setting of beauty this fine fashion these blazing jewels and lustrous silks and airy gauzes, embellished with gold-threaded embroidery and wrought in a thousand exquisite elaborations, so that I cannot see one of those lovely girls pass me by without thanking God for the vision if I thought that this was all, and that underneath her lace flounces and diamond bracelets Aurelia was a sullen, selfish woman, then I should turn sadly homewards, for I should see that her jewels were flashing scorn upon the object they adorned, and that her laces were of a more exquisite loveliness than the woman whom they merely touched with a superficial grace.
It would be like a gaily decorated mausoleum bright to see, but silent and dark within.
"Great excellences, my dear Prue," I sometimes allow myself to say, "lie concealed in the depths of character, like pearls at the bottom of the sea.
Under the laughing, glancing surface, how little they are suspected!
Perhaps love is nothing else than the sight of them by one person.
Hence every man's mistress is apt to be an enigma to everybody else.
I have no doubt that when Aurelia is engaged, people will say that she is a most admirable girl, certainly; but they cannot understand why any man should be in love with her.
As if it were at all necessary that they should!
And her lover, like a boy who finds a pearl in the public street, and wonders as much that others did not see it as that he did, will tremble until he knows his passion is returned; feeling, of course, that the whole world must be in love with this paragon who cannot possibly smile upon anything so unworthy as he."
"I hope, therefore, my dear Mrs. Prue," I continue to say to my wife, who looks up from her work regarding me with pleased pride, as if I were such an irresistible humorist, "you will allow me to believe that the depth may be calm although the surface is dancing.
If you tell me that Aurelia is but a giddy girl, I shall believe that you think so.
But I shall know, all the while, what profound dignity, and sweetness, and peace lie at the foundation of her character."

It was like a fine mask, suddenly startled, made angry, and petrified.
Driven home into the heart of the stone figure attached to it, was a knife.
Round its hilt was a frill of paper, on which was scrawled:
“Drive him fast to his tomb.
This, from Jacques.”
X.
Two Promises 
More months, to the number of twelve, had come and gone, and Mr. Charles Darnay was established in England as a higher teacher of the French language who was conversant with French literature.
In this age, he would have been a Professor; in that age, he was a Tutor.
He read with young men who could find any leisure and interest for the study of a living tongue spoken all over the world, and he cultivated a taste for its stores of knowledge and fancy.
He could write of them, besides, in sound English, and render them into sound English.
Such masters were not at that time easily found; Princes that had been, and Kings that were to be, were not yet of the Teacher class, and no ruined nobility had dropped out of Tellson's ledgers, to turn cooks and carpenters.
As a tutor, whose attainments made the student's way unusually pleasant and profitable, and as an elegant translator who brought something to his work besides mere dictionary knowledge, young Mr. Darnay soon became known and encouraged.
He was well acquainted, more-over, with the circumstances of his country, and those were of ever-growing interest.
So, with great perseverance and untiring industry, he prospered.

I remember, mighty well.”
“That ain't anything.
The girl I'm going to marry won't fight.”
“Tom, I reckon they're all alike.
They'll all comb a body.
Now you better think 'bout this awhile.
I tell you you better.
What's the name of the gal?”
“It ain't a gal at all it's a girl.”
“It's all the same, I reckon; some says gal, some says girl both's right, like enough.
Anyway, what's her name, Tom?”
“I'll tell you some time not now.”
“All right that'll do.
Only if you get married I'll be more lonesomer than ever.”
“No you won't.
You'll come and live with me.
Now stir out of this and we'll go to digging.”
They worked and sweated for half an hour.
No result.
They toiled another halfhour.

“We should look at this!” he said.
Mr. Lorry nodded his consent.
He opened it, and exclaimed, “Thank God!”
“What is it?” asked Mr. Lorry, eagerly.
“A moment!
Let me speak of it in its place.
First,” he put his hand in his coat, and took another paper from it, “that is the certificate which enables me to pass out of this city.
Look at it.
You see Sydney Carton, an Englishman?”
Mr. Lorry held it open in his hand, gazing in his earnest face.
“Keep it for me until to-morrow.
I shall see him to-morrow, you remember, and I had better not take it into the prison.”
“Why not?”
“I don't know; I prefer not to do so.
Now, take this paper that Doctor Manette has carried about him.
It is a similar certificate, enabling him and his daughter and her child, at any time, to pass the barrier and the frontier!

"That is already accomplished, may it please your majesty," replied Jason.
"The bulls have been tamed and yoked; the field has been plowed; the dragon's teeth have been sown broadcast, and harrowed into the soil; the crop of armed warriors have sprung up, and they have slain one another, to the last man.
And now I solicit your majesty's permission to encounter the dragon, that I may take down the Golden Fleece from the tree, and depart, with my nine and forty comrades."
King Aetes scowled, and looked very angry and excessively disturbed; for he knew that, in accordance with his kingly promise, he ought now to permit Jason to win the Fleece, if his courage and skill should enable him to do so.
But, since the young man had met with such good luck in the matter of the brazen bulls and the dragon's teeth, the king feared that he would be equally successful in slaying the dragon.
And therefore, though he would gladly have seen Jason snapped up at a mouthful, he was resolved (and it was a very wrong thing of this wicked potentate) not to run any further risk of losing his beloved Fleece.
"You never would have succeeded in this business, young man," said he, "if my undutiful daughter Medea had not helped you with her enchantments.
Had you acted fairly, you would have been, at this instant, a black cinder, or a handful of white ashes.
I forbid you, on pain of death, to make any more attempts to get the Golden Fleece.
To speak my mind plainly, you shall never set eyes on so much as one of its glistening locks."
Jason left the king's presence in great sorrow and anger.
He could think of nothing better to be done than to summon together his forty-nine brave Argonauts, march at once to the Grove of Mars, slay the dragon, take possession of the Golden Fleece, get on board the Argo, and spread all sail for Iolchos.

"Go away," replied the prince.
"I don't want to say anything to you, or to see you.
Go away."
"Come, come; let us leave this place.
Look, I have brought some food for you, and horses, and everything.
Let us eat and depart."
"Go alone," replied the prince.
"Never," said the vizier's son.
"What has happened to suddenly estrange you from me?
A little while ago we were brethren, but now you detest the sight of me."
"I have looked upon a fairy," the prince said.
"But a moment I saw her face; for when she noticed that I was looking at her she covered her face with lotus petals.

"I can't say 'yes' truly, so I won't say it at all.
You'll see that I'm right, by-and-by, and thank me for it..." she began solemnly.
"I'll be hanged if I do!"
and Laurie bounced up off the grass, burning with indignation at the very idea.
"Yes, you will!"
persisted Jo.
"You'll get over this after a while, and find some lovely accomplished girl, who will adore you, and make a fine mistress for your fine house.
I shouldn't.
I'm homely and awkward and odd and old, and you'd be ashamed of me, and we should quarrel we can't help it even now, you see and I shouldn't like elegant society and you would, and you'd hate my scribbling, and I couldn't get on without it, and we should be unhappy, and wish we hadn't done it, and everything would be horrid!"
"Anything more?"
asked Laurie, finding it hard to listen patiently to this prophetic burst.
"Nothing more, except that I don't believe I shall ever marry.

I sacrifice this fair morning on the altar of duty and friendship!’
The Badger looked at him very suspiciously, but Toad’s frank, open countenance made it difficult to suggest any unworthy motive in this change of attitude.
He quitted the room, accordingly, in the direction of the kitchen, and as soon as the door had closed behind him, Toad hurried to the writing-table.
A fine idea had occurred to him while he was talking.
He WOULD write the invitations; and he would take care to mention the leading part he had taken in the fight, and how he had laid the Chief Weasel flat; and he would hint at his adventures, and what a career of triumph he had to tell about; and on the fly-leaf he would set out a sort of a programme of entertainment for the evening something like this, as he sketched it out in his head: 
  SPEECH.
.
.
.
BY TOAD.
(There will be other speeches by TOAD during the evening.)
ADDRESS.
.
.

The little children broke into a rueful murmur, and Ermengarde looked aghast.
"Does your papa send you books for a birthday present?"
she exclaimed.
"Why, he's as bad as mine.
Don't open them, Sara."
"I like them," Sara laughed, but she turned to the biggest box.
When she took out the Last Doll it was so magnificent that the children uttered delighted groans of joy, and actually drew back to gaze at it in breathless rapture.
"She is almost as big as Lottie," someone gasped.
Lottie clapped her hands and danced about, giggling.
"She's dressed for the theater," said Lavinia.
"Her cloak is lined with ermine."
"Oh," cried Ermengarde, darting forward, "she has an opera-glass in her hand a blue-and-gold one!"

she exclaimed.
"If that young un hasn't given her buns to a beggar child!
It wasn't because she didn't want them, either.
Well, well, she looked hungry enough.
I'd give something to know what she did it for."
She stood behind her window for a few moments and pondered.
Then her curiosity got the better of her.
She went to the door and spoke to the beggar child.
"Who gave you those buns?"
she asked her.
The child nodded her head toward Sara's vanishing figure.
"What did she say?"

But now I must be off!
I’ve been in prison for ten years.
I’m free at last!
Well, Rogojin, what are you waiting for?
Let’s get ready and go.”
“Come along!” shouted Rogojin, beside himself with joy.
“Hey!
all of you fellows!
Wine!
Round with it!
Fill the glasses!”
“Get away!” he shouted frantically, observing that Daria Alexeyevna was approaching to protest against Nastasia’s conduct.
“Get away, she’s mine, everything’s mine!
She’s a queen, get away!”
He was panting with ecstasy.

I KNOW she was worked too hard for a child of her age, and I know she was only half fed "
"How dare you say such a thing!"
exclaimed Miss Minchin.
"I don't know how I dare," Miss Amelia answered, with a kind of reckless courage; "but now I've begun I may as well finish, whatever happens to me.
The child was a clever child and a good child and she would have paid you for any kindness you had shown her.
But you didn't show her any.
The fact was, she was too clever for you, and you always disliked her for that reason.
She used to see through us both "
"Amelia!"
gasped her infuriated elder, looking as if she would box her ears and knock her cap off, as she had often done to Becky.
But Miss Amelia's disappointment had made her hysterical enough not to care what occurred next.
"She did!
She did!"
she cried.

“Napoleon was walking up and down with folded arms.
I could not take my eyes off his face my heart beat loudly and painfully.
“‘I’m off,’ said Davoust.
‘Where to?’ asked Napoleon.
“‘To salt horse-flesh,’ said Davoust.
Napoleon shuddered his fate was being decided.
“‘Child,’ he addressed me suddenly, ‘what do you think of our plan?’ Of course he only applied to me as a sort of toss-up, you know.
I turned to Davoust and addressed my reply to him.
I said, as though inspired:
“‘Escape, general!
Go home!
’
“The project was abandoned; Davoust shrugged his shoulders and went out, whispering to himself ‘Bah, il devient superstitieux!’ Next morning the order to retreat was given.”
“All this is most interesting,” said the prince, very softly, “if it really was so that is, I mean ” he hastened to correct himself.
“Oh, my dear prince,” cried the general, who was now so intoxicated with his own narrative that he probably could not have pulled up at the most patent indiscretion.

The youth’s words echoed in the ears of the old woman all night long, and early next morning, when the Lord had gone on his way again and had heartily thanked the smith, the latter thought he might make his old mother-in-law young again likewise, as he had watched everything so carefully, and it lay in the province of his trade.
So he called to ask her if she, too, would like to go bounding about like a girl of eighteen.
She said, “With all my heart, as the youth has come out of it so well.” So the smith made a great fire, and thrust the old woman into it, and she writhed about this way and that, and uttered terrible cries of murder.
“Sit still; why art thou screaming and jumping about so?”
cried he, and as he spoke he blew the bellows again until all her rags were burnt.
The old woman cried without ceasing, and the smith thought to himself, “I have not quite the right art,” and took her out and threw her into the cooling-tub.
Then she screamed so loudly that the smith’s wife upstairs and her daughter-in-law heard, and they both ran downstairs, and saw the old woman lying in a heap in the quenching-tub, howling and screaming, with her face wrinkled and shrivelled and all out of shape.
Thereupon the two, who were both with child, were so terrified that that very night two boys were born who were not made like men but apes, and they ran into the woods, and from them sprang the race of apes.
148 The Lord’s Animals and the Devil’s 
The Lord God had created all animals, and had chosen out the wolf to be his dog, but he had forgotten the goat.
Then the Devil made ready and began to create also, and created goats with fine long tails.
Now when they went to pasture, they generally remained caught in the hedges by their tails, then the Devil had to go there and disentangle them, with a great deal of trouble.
This enraged him at last, and he went and bit off the tail of every goat, as may be seen to this day by the stump.
Then he let them go to pasture alone, but it came to pass that the Lord God perceived how at one time they gnawed away at a fruitful tree, at another injured the noble vines, or destroyed other tender plants.

But the caulking mallet is full of it.
Hark to it.”
“Aye, and that’s because the lid there’s a sounding-board; and what in all things makes the sounding-board is this—there’s naught beneath.
And yet, a coffin with a body in it rings pretty much the same, Carpenter.
Hast thou ever helped carry a bier, and heard the coffin knock against the churchyard gate, going in?
“Faith, sir, I’ve——”
“Faith?
What’s that?”
“Why, faith, sir, it’s only a sort of exclamation-like—that’s all, sir.”
“Um, um; go on.”
“I was about to say, sir, that——”
“Art thou a silk-worm?
Dost thou spin thy own shroud out of thyself?
Look at thy bosom!
Despatch!
and get these traps out of sight.”
“He goes aft.
That was sudden, now; but squalls come sudden in hot latitudes.
I’ve heard that the Isle of Albemarle, one of the Gallipagos, is cut by the Equator right in the middle.

Ere the English ship fades from sight, be it set down here, that she hailed from London, and was named after the late Samuel Enderby, merchant of that city, the original of the famous whaling house of Enderby & Sons; a house which in my poor whaleman’s opinion, comes not far behind the united royal houses of the Tudors and Bourbons, in point of real historical interest.
How long, prior to the year of our Lord 1775, this great whaling house was in existence, my numerous fish-documents do not make plain; but in that year (1775) it fitted out the first English ships that ever regularly hunted the Sperm Whale; though for some score of years previous (ever since 1726) our valiant Coffins and Maceys of Nantucket and the Vineyard had in large fleets pursued that Leviathan, but only in the North and South Atlantic: not elsewhere.
Be it distinctly recorded here, that the Nantucketers were the first among mankind to harpoon with civilized steel the great Sperm Whale; and that for half a century they were the only people of the whole globe who so harpooned him.
In 1778, a fine ship, the Amelia, fitted out for the express purpose, and at the sole charge of the vigorous Enderbys, boldly rounded Cape Horn, and was the first among the nations to lower a whale-boat of any sort in the great South Sea.
The voyage was a skilful and lucky one; and returning to her berth with her hold full of the precious sperm, the Amelia’s example was soon followed by other ships, English and American, and thus the vast Sperm Whale grounds of the Pacific were thrown open.
But not content with this good deed, the indefatigable house again bestirred itself: Samuel and all his Sons—how many, their mother only knows—and under their immediate auspices, and partly, I think, at their expense, the British government was induced to send the sloop-of-war Rattler on a whaling voyage of discovery into the South Sea.
Commanded by a naval Post-Captain, the Rattler made a rattling voyage of it, and did some service; how much does not appear.
But this is not all.
In 1819, the same house fitted out a discovery whale ship of their own, to go on a tasting cruise to the remote waters of Japan.
That ship—well called the “Syren”—made a noble experimental cruise; and it was thus that the great Japanese Whaling Ground first became generally known.
The Syren in this famous voyage was commanded by a Captain Coffin, a Nantucketer.
All honor to the Enderbies, therefore, whose house, I think, exists to the present day; though doubtless the original Samuel must long ago have slipped his cable for the great South Sea of the other world.

"Yes?"
said the girl.
She listened for a moment.
"So you're having your piano tuned?"
she said.
"My aunt has been trying to find a tuner for ours.
Do you mind if I go in and tell this man to come on to us when he's finished here?"
"Er not yet!"
I said.
"Not yet, if you don't mind.
He can't bear to be disturbed when he's working.
It's the artistic temperament.

He had just parted from my sister, had seen her leave him in the greatest affliction; and if he felt obliged, from a fear of offending Mrs.
Smith, to resist the temptation of returning here soon, and yet aware that by declining your invitation, by saying that he was going away for some time, he should seem to act an ungenerous, a suspicious part by our family, he might well be embarrassed and disturbed.
In such a case, a plain and open avowal of his difficulties would have been more to his honour I think, as well as more consistent with his general character; but I will not raise objections against any one's conduct on so illiberal a foundation, as a difference in judgment from myself, or a deviation from what I may think right and consistent."
"You speak very properly.
Willoughby certainly does not deserve to be suspected.
Though WE have not known him long, he is no stranger in this part of the world; and who has ever spoken to his disadvantage?
Had he been in a situation to act independently and marry immediately, it might have been odd that he should leave us without acknowledging everything to me at once: but this is not the case.
It is an engagement in some respects not prosperously begun, for their marriage must be at a very uncertain distance; and even secrecy, as far as it can be observed, may now be very advisable."
They were interrupted by the entrance of Margaret; and Elinor was then at liberty to think over the representations of her mother, to acknowledge the probability of many, and hope for the justice of all.
They saw nothing of Marianne till dinner time, when she entered the room and took her place at the table without saying a word.
Her eyes were red and swollen; and it seemed as if her tears were even then restrained with difficulty.
She avoided the looks of them all, could neither eat nor speak, and after some time, on her mother's silently pressing her hand with tender compassion, her small degree of fortitude was quite overcome, she burst into tears and left the room.
This violent oppression of spirits continued the whole evening.

He thought, if he could put over the night, he might get away in the morning without meeting wi’ the beasts, and so escape.
But he had not been long in his hidy-hole before the awful Etin came in; and nae sooner was he in than he was heard crying:
  “Snouk but and snouk ben,   I find the smell of an earthly man;   Be he living, or be he dead,   His heart this night shall kitchen(1) my bread.”
(1) “Kitchen,” that is, “season.”
The monster soon found the poor young man, and pulled him from his hole.
And when he had got him out he told him that if he could answer him three questions his life should be spared.
The first was: Whether Ireland or Scotland was first inhabited?
The second was: Whether man was made for woman, or woman for man?
The third was: Whether men or brutes were made first?
The lad not being able to answer one of these questions, the Red Etin took a mace and knocked him on the head, and turned him into a pillar of stone.
On the morning after this happened the younger brither took out the knife to look at it, and he was grieved to find it a’ brown wi’ rust.
He told his mother that the time was now come for him to go away upon his travels also; so she requested him to take the can to the well for water, that she might bake a cake for him.
The can being broken, he brought hame as little water as the other had done, and the cake was as little.
She asked whether he would have the hale cake wi’ her malison, or the half wi’ her blessing; and, like his brither, he thought it best to have the hale cake, come o’ the malison what might.
So he gaed away; and everything happened to him that had happened to his brother!

It generally was Aunt Kittredge.
"She's told Cyrus to kill the the white turkey!"
continued Jason, with almost a break in his voice.
"To kill Priscilla!"
gasped Minty.
"She couldn't she wouldn't!
Oh, Jason, Cyrus won't do it, will he?"
"Hasn't he got to if she says so?"
demanded Jason grimly.
"But Priscilla is yours," said Minty stoutly.
"She says she only let me call her mine.
Just as if I didn't save her out of that weak brood when all the rest were killed by the thunderstorm!

“I will cause a frost to come, before which the fire shall be ashamed, and creep away.” Then he put his cap on straight, and immediately there came such a frost that all heat disappeared, and the food on the dishes began to freeze.
When an hour or two had passed by, and the King believed that they had perished in the heat, he had the doors opened to behold them himself.
But when the doors were opened, all six were standing there, alive and well, and said that they should very much like to get out to warm themselves, for the very food was fast frozen to the dishes with the cold.
Then, full of anger, the King went down to the cook, scolded him, and asked why he had not done what he had been ordered to do.
But the cook replied, “There is heat enough there, just look yourself.” Then the King saw that a fierce fire was burning under the iron room, and perceived that there was no getting the better of the six in this way.
Again the King considered how to get rid of his unpleasant guests, and caused their chief to be brought and said, “If thou wilt take gold and renounce my daughter, thou shalt have as much as thou wilt.”
“Oh, yes, Lord King,” he answered, “give me as much as my servant can carry, and I will not ask for your daughter.”
On this the King was satisfied, and the other continued, “In fourteen days, I will come and fetch it.” Thereupon he summoned together all the tailors in the whole kingdom, and they were to sit for fourteen days and sew a sack.
And when it was ready, the strong one who could tear up trees had to take it on his back, and go with it to the King.
Then said the King, “Who can that strong fellow be who is carrying a bundle of linen on his back that is as big as a house?” and he was alarmed and said, “What a lot of gold he can carry away!” Then he commanded a ton of gold to be brought; it took sixteen of his strongest men to carry it, but the strong one snatched it up in one hand, put it in his sack, and said, “Why don’t you bring more at the same time?
that hardly covers the bottom!” Then, little by little, the King caused all his treasure to be brought thither, and the strong one pushed it into the sack, and still the sack was not half full with it.
“Bring more,” cried he, “these few crumbs don’t fill it.” Then seven thousand carts with gold had to be gathered together in the whole kingdom, and the strong one thrust them and the oxen harnessed to them into his sack.
“I will examine it no longer,” said he, “but will just take what comes, so long as the sack is but full.” When all that was inside, there was still room for a great deal more; then he said, “I will just make an end of the thing; people do sometimes tie up a sack even when it is not full.”
So he took it on his back, and went away with his comrades.
When the King now saw how one single man was carrying away the entire wealth of the country, he became enraged, and bade his horsemen mount and pursue the six, and ordered them to take the sack away from the strong one.

The smell of tar and salt was something new.
I saw the most wonderful figureheads, that had all been far over the ocean.
I saw, besides, many old sailors, with rings in their ears, and whiskers curled in ringlets, and tarry pigtails, and their swaggering, clumsy sea-walk; and if I had seen as many kings or archbishops I could not have been more delighted.
And I was going to sea myself, to sea in a schooner, with a piping boatswain and pig-tailed singing seamen, to sea, bound for an unknown island, and to seek for buried treasure!
While I was still in this delightful dream, we came suddenly in front of a large inn and met Squire Trelawney, all dressed out like a sea-officer, in stout blue cloth, coming out of the door with a smile on his face and a capital imitation of a sailor's walk.
“Here you are,” he cried, “and the doctor came last night from London.
Bravo!
The ship's company complete!”
“Oh, sir,” cried I, “when do we sail?”
“Sail!” says he.
“We sail tomorrow!”
8 
At the Sign of the Spy-glass 
WHEN I had done breakfasting the squire gave me a note addressed to John Silver, at the sign of the Spy-glass, and told me I should easily find the place by following the line of the docks and keeping a bright lookout for a little tavern with a large brass telescope for sign.
I set off, overjoyed at this opportunity to see some more of the ships and seamen, and picked my way among a great crowd of people and carts and bales, for the dock was now at its busiest, until I found the tavern in question.
It was a bright enough little place of entertainment.
The sign was newly painted; the windows had neat red curtains; the floor was cleanly sanded.

See my saw!
I call it my Little Guillotine.
La, la, la; La, la, la!
And off his head comes!”
The billet fell as he spoke, and he threw it into a basket.
“I call myself the Samson of the firewood guillotine.
See here again!
Loo, loo, loo; Loo, loo, loo!
And off her head comes!
Now, a child.
Tickle, tickle; Pickle, pickle!
And off its head comes.
All the family!”
Lucie shuddered as he threw two more billets into his basket, but it was impossible to be there while the wood-sawyer was at work, and not be in his sight.

"Alas!"
cried the unfortunate merchant, "that is just what my fate will be, for I have come in fulfilment of a promise to return after a year and be killed."
Just then two other old men came, and, while the four were conversing together, the magician, sword in hand, suddenly appeared and rushed at the merchant to kill him.
On this the old man interceded, and said: "O Magician, if what I have suffered be more than you have suffered in the loss of your son's eye, then indeed give this man double punishment: let me, I beg you, tell my story."
"Say on," said the magician.
"Do you see this deer?"
said the old man; "it is my wife.
I was once married to a wife, but after a time I wearied of her, and married another wife, who presented me with a son.
I took both the woman and her child to my first wife, and asked her to feed and take care of them; but she, being jealous, changed my wife into a cow, and my son into a calf.
After a year I returned and enquired after my wife and child.
My first wife said: 'Your wife is dead, and for the last two days your child has been missing.'
"Now it happened at that time that I wanted to offer a sacrifice, and, asking for a suitable offering, my second wife was brought to me.

He reassured his fellow-citizens, patting the camel's hump.
"This is my camel; a noble beast!
It has seen me kill all my lions."
And so, linking his arm with the worthy major, he calmly wended his way to Baobab Villa, amid the ringing cheers of the populace.
On the road he began a recital of his hunts.
"Picture to yourself," he said, "a certain evening in the open Sahara  "
       *       *       *        *        *
THOMAS DAY 
Sandford and Merton 
      Thomas Day was born in London on June 22, 1748, and educated      at the Charterhouse and at Corpus Christi College, Oxford.
Entering the Middle Temple in 1765, he was called to the Bar      ten years later, but never practised.
A contemporary and      disciple of Rousseau, he convinced himself that human      suffering was, in the main, the result of the artificial      arrangements of society, and inheriting a fortune at an early      age he spent large sums in philanthropy.
A poem written by him      in 1773, entitled "The Dying Negro," has been described as      supplying the keynote of the anti-slavery movement.
His      "History of Sandford and Merton," published in three volumes      between the years 1783 and 1789, provided a channel through      which many generations of English people have imbibed a kind      of refined Rousseauism.
It retains its interest for the      philosophic mind, despite the burlesque of Punch and its      waning popularity as a book for children.
Thomas Day died      through a fall from his horse on September 28, 1789.

The fresh air is doing her good.
How do you feel now, ma’am?’
‘Thank you kindly, Sir,’ said Toad in a feeble voice, ‘I’m feeling a great deal better!’ ‘That’s right,’ said the gentleman.
‘Now keep quite still, and, above all, don’t try to talk.’
‘I won’t,’ said Toad.
‘I was only thinking, if I might sit on the front seat there, beside the driver, where I could get the fresh air full in my face, I should soon be all right again.’
‘What a very sensible woman!’ said the gentleman.
‘Of course you shall.’
So they carefully helped Toad into the front seat beside the driver, and on they went again.
Toad was almost himself again by now.
He sat up, looked about him, and tried to beat down the tremors, the yearnings, the old cravings that rose up and beset him and took possession of him entirely.
‘It is fate!’ he said to himself.
‘Why strive?
why struggle?’ and he turned to the driver at his side.
‘Please, Sir,’ he said, ‘I wish you would kindly let me try and drive the car for a little.
I’ve been watching you carefully, and it looks so easy and so interesting, and I should like to be able to tell my friends that once I had driven a motor-car!’
The driver laughed at the proposal, so heartily that the gentleman inquired what the matter was.

The defendant rose abruptly, and tearing himself away from the withholding hand and pleading protestations of his counsel, absolutely fled from the courtroom, his appearance outside being recognized by a prolonged "Kerrow" from the bystanders, which again and again followed him in the distance.
In the momentary silence which followed, the Colonel's voice was heard saying, "We rest here, your Honor," and he sat down.
No less white, but more agitated, was the face of the defendant's counsel, who instantly rose.
"For some unexplained reason, your Honor, my client desires to suspend further proceedings, with a view to effect a peaceable compromise with the plaintiff.
As he is a man of wealth and position, he is able and willing to pay liberally for that privilege.
While I, as his counsel, am still convinced of his legal irresponsibility, as he has chosen, however, to publicly abandon his rights here, I can only ask your Honor's permission to suspend further proceedings until I can confer with Colonel Starbottle."
"As far as I can follow the pleadings," said the Judge, gravely, "the case seems to be hardly one for litigation, and I approve of the defendant's course, while I strongly urge the plaintiff to accept it."
Colonel Starbottle bent over his fair client.
Presently he rose, unchanged in look or demeanor.
"I yield, your Honor, to the wishes of my client, and er lady.
We accept."
Before the court adjourned that day it was known throughout the town that Adoniram K. Hotchkiss had compromised the suit for four thousand dollars and costs.

At last, having his Majesty’s leave to pay my respects to the Emperor of Blefuscu, I resolved to take this opportunity.
Before the three days had passed I wrote a letter to my friend the secretary telling him of my resolution; and, without waiting for an answer, went to the coast, and entering the channel, between wading and swimming reached the port of Blefuscu, where the people, who had long expected me, led me to the capital.
His Majesty, with the royal family and great officers of the Court, came out to receive me, and they entertained me in a manner suited to the generosity of so great a prince.
I did not, however, mention my disgrace with the Emperor of Lilliput, since I did not suppose that prince would disclose the secret while I was out of his power.
But in this, it soon appeared, I was deceived.
CHAPTER V 
Three days after my arrival, walking out of curiosity to the northeast coast of the island, I observed at some distance in the sea something that looked like a boat overturned.
I pulled off my shoes and stockings, and wading two or three hundred yards, I plainly saw it to be a real boat, which I supposed might by some tempest have been driven from a ship.
I returned immediately to the city for help, and after a huge amount of labor I managed to get my boat to the royal port of Blefuscu, where a great crowd of people appeared, full of wonder at sight of so prodigious a vessel.
I told the Emperor that my good fortune had thrown this boat in my way to carry me to some place whence I might return to my native country, and begged his orders for materials to fit it up, and leave to depart which, after many kindly speeches, he was pleased to grant.
Meanwhile the Emperor of Lilliput, uneasy at my long absence (but never imagining that I had the least notice of his designs), sent a person of rank to inform the Emperor of Blefuscu of my disgrace; this messenger had orders to represent the great mercy of his master, who was content to punish me with the loss of my eyes, and who expected that his brother of Blefuscu would have me sent back to Lilliput, bound hand and foot, to be punished as a traitor.
The Emperor of Blefuscu answered with many civil excuses.
He said that as for sending me bound, his brother knew it was impossible.

"Besides, she didn't beg," said Janet.
"I was so afraid she might be angry with you.
You know, it makes people angry to be taken for beggars when they are not beggars."
"She wasn't angry," said Donald, a trifle dismayed, but still firm.
"She laughed a little, and she said I was a kind, kind little darling thing.
And I was!"
stoutly.
"It was my whole sixpence."
Janet and Nora exchanged glances.
"A beggar girl would never have said that," decided Janet.
"She would have said, 'Thank yer kindly, little gentleman thank yer, sir;' and perhaps she would have bobbed a curtsy."
Sara knew nothing about the fact, but from that time the Large Family was as profoundly interested in her as she was in it.

Again the place resounded to a frightful medley of squeals, bellowings, and crashes in the brush.
This time Jonathan had caught up the axe, and approaching the furious melee of whirling hoofs and gnashing teeth from one side, attempted to get in a blow.
In their wild movements the enraged animals nearly ran over him, but he struck and stumbled.
The blow missed the moose's head, but fell on the animal's foreleg, just below the knee, and broke the bone.
The moose reared, and wheeling on its hind legs, plunged down the gully, falling partly into the river, much as Nat had done.
A dozen times it now struggled to get up, almost succeeding, but fell back each time.
With the ardour of battle still glowing in him, Jonathan rushed forward with the axe, and finally managed to deal the moose a deathblow; with a knife they then bled it, and stood by, triumphant.
"We've muttoned him!
We've muttoned him!"
Nat shouted.
"But I never had such a fight as that before."
The horse, as it proved, was not seriously injured, but they were obliged to cut away the alder brush in the gully to get the animal back up the bluff, and were occupied for fully an hour doing so.

Long, quiet days she spent, not lonely nor idle, for her little world was peopled with imaginary friends, and she was by nature a busy bee.
There were six dolls to be taken up and dressed every morning, for Beth was a child still and loved her pets as well as ever.
Not one whole or handsome one among them, all were outcasts till Beth took them in, for when her sisters outgrew these idols, they passed to her because Amy would have nothing old or ugly.
Beth cherished them all the more tenderly for that very reason, and set up a hospital for infirm dolls.
No pins were ever stuck into their cotton vitals, no harsh words or blows were ever given them, no neglect ever saddened the heart of the most repulsive, but all were fed and clothed, nursed and caressed with an affection which never failed.
One forlorn fragment of dollanity had belonged to Jo and, having led a tempestuous life, was left a wreck in the rag bag, from which dreary poorhouse it was rescued by Beth and taken to her refuge.
Having no top to its head, she tied on a neat little cap, and as both arms and legs were gone, she hid these deficiencies by folding it in a blanket and devoting her best bed to this chronic invalid.
If anyone had known the care lavished on that dolly, I think it would have touched their hearts, even while they laughed.
She brought it bits of bouquets, she read to it, took it out to breathe fresh air, hidden under her coat, she sang it lullabies and never went to bed without kissing its dirty face and whispering tenderly, "I hope you'll have a good night, my poor dear."
Beth had her troubles as well as the others, and not being an angel but a very human little girl, she often 'wept a little weep' as Jo said, because she couldn't take music lessons and have a fine piano.
She loved music so dearly, tried so hard to learn, and practiced away so patiently at the jingling old instrument, that it did seem as if someone (not to hint Aunt March) ought to help her.
Nobody did, however, and nobody saw Beth wipe the tears off the yellow keys, that wouldn't keep in tune, when she was all alone.

Then Tatty sat down and wept; then a three-legged stool said: “Tatty, why do you weep?” “Titty's dead,” said Tatty, “and so I weep;” “then,”
 said the stool, “I'll hop,” so the stool hopped.
Then a broom in the corner of the room said, “Stool, why do you hop?”
 “Oh!” said the stool, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, and so I hop;”
 “then,” said the broom, “I'll sweep,” so the broom began to sweep.
“Then,” said the door, “Broom, why do you sweep?” “Oh!” said the broom, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, and the stool hops, and so I sweep;”
 “Then,” said the door, “I'll jar,” so the door jarred.
“Then,” said the window, “Door, why do you jar?” “Oh!” said the door, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, and the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, and so I jar.”
“Then,” said the window, “I'll creak,” so the window creaked.
Now there was an old form outside the house, and when the window creaked, the form said: “Window, why do you creak?” “Oh!” said the window, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, and the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, the door jars, and so I creak.”
“Then,” said the old form, “I'll run round the house;” then the old form ran round the house.
Now there was a fine large walnut-tree growing by the cottage, and the tree said to the form: “Form, why do you run round the house?” “Oh!” said the form, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, and the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, the door jars, and the window creaks, and so I run round the house.”
“Then,” said the walnut-tree, “I'll shed my leaves,” so the walnut-tree shed all its beautiful green leaves.
Now there was a little bird perched on one of the boughs of the tree, and when all the leaves fell, it said: “Walnut-tree, why do you shed your leaves?” “Oh!” said the tree, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, the door jars, and the window creaks, the old form runs round the house, and so I shed my leaves.”
“Then,” said the little bird, “I'll moult all my feathers,” so he moulted all his pretty feathers.
Now there was a little girl walking below, carrying a jug of milk for her brothers and sisters' supper, and when she saw the poor little bird moult all its feathers, she said:
“Little bird, why do you moult all your feathers?” “Oh!” said the little bird, “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, the door jars, and the window creaks, the old form runs round the house, the walnut-tree sheds its leaves, and so I moult all my feathers.”
“Then,” said the little girl, “I'll spill the milk,” so she dropt the pitcher and spilt the milk.
Now there was an old man just by on the top of a ladder thatching a rick, and when he saw the little girl spill the milk, he said: “Little girl, what do you mean by spilling the milk, your little brothers and sisters must go without their supper.” Then said the little girl: “Titty's dead, and Tatty weeps, the stool hops, and the broom sweeps, the door jars, and the window creaks, the old form runs round the house, the walnut-tree sheds all its leaves, the little bird moults all its feathers, and so I spill the milk.”
“Oh!” said the old man, “then I'll tumble off the ladder and break my neck,” so he tumbled off the ladder and broke his neck; and when the old man broke his neck, the great walnut-tree fell down with a crash, and upset the old form and house, and the house falling knocked the window out, and the window knocked the door down, and the door upset the broom, and the broom upset the stool, and poor little Tatty Mouse was buried beneath the ruins.
JACK AND HIS GOLDEN SNUFF-BOX 
Once upon a time, and a very good time it was, though it was neither in my time nor in your time nor in any one else's time, there was an old man and an old woman, and they had one son, and they lived in a great forest.
And their son never saw any other people in his life, but he knew that there was some more in the world besides his own father and mother, because he had lots of books, and he used to read every day about them.
And when he read about some pretty young women, he used to go mad to see some of them; till one day, when his father was out cutting wood, he told his mother that he wished to go away to look for his living in some other country, and to see some other people besides them two.

It’s queer; very queer; and he’s queer too; aye, take him fore and aft, he’s about the queerest old man Stubb ever sailed with.
How he flashed at me!—his eyes like powder-pans!
is he mad?
Anyway there’s something on his mind, as sure as there must be something on a deck when it cracks.
He aint in his bed now, either, more than three hours out of the twenty-four; and he don’t sleep then.
Didn’t that Dough-Boy, the steward, tell me that of a morning he always finds the old man’s hammock clothes all rumpled and tumbled, and the sheets down at the foot, and the coverlid almost tied into knots, and the pillow a sort of frightful hot, as though a baked brick had been on it?
A hot old man!
I guess he’s got what some folks ashore call a conscience; it’s a kind of Tic-Dolly-row they say—worse nor a toothache.
Well, well; I don’t know what it is, but the Lord keep me from catching it.
He’s full of riddles; I wonder what he goes into the after hold for, every night, as Dough-Boy tells me he suspects; what’s that for, I should like to know?
Who’s made appointments with him in the hold?
Ain’t that queer, now?

“I think I must have had a kind of frenzy.
I remember running violently in and out among the moonlit bushes all round the sphinx, and startling some white animal that, in the dim light, I took for a small deer.
I remember, too, late that night, beating the bushes with my clenched fist until my knuckles were gashed and bleeding from the broken twigs.
Then, sobbing and raving in my anguish of mind, I went down to the great building of stone.
The big hall was dark, silent, and deserted.
I slipped on the uneven floor, and fell over one of the malachite tables, almost breaking my shin.
I lit a match and went on past the dusty curtains, of which I have told you.
“There I found a second great hall covered with cushions, upon which, perhaps, a score or so of the little people were sleeping.
I have no doubt they found my second appearance strange enough, coming suddenly out of the quiet darkness with inarticulate noises and the splutter and flare of a match.
For they had forgotten about matches.
‘Where is my Time Machine?’ I began, bawling like an angry child, laying hands upon them and shaking them up together.
It must have been very queer to them.

We had a dreary morning's work before us, for there was no sign of any wind, and the boats had to be got out and manned, and the ship warped three or four miles round the corner of the island and up the narrow passage to the haven behind Skeleton Island.
I volunteered for one of the boats, where I had, of course, no business.
The heat was sweltering, and the men grumbled fiercely over their work.
Anderson was in command of my boat, and instead of keeping the crew in order, he grumbled as loud as the worst.
“Well,” he said with an oath, “it's not forever.”
I thought this was a very bad sign, for up to that day the men had gone briskly and willingly about their business; but the very sight of the island had relaxed the cords of discipline.
All the way in, Long John stood by the steersman and conned the ship.
He knew the passage like the palm of his hand, and though the man in the chains got everywhere more water than was down in the chart, John never hesitated once.
“There's a strong scour with the ebb,” he said, “and this here passage has been dug out, in a manner of speaking, with a spade.”
We brought up just where the anchor was in the chart, about a third of a mile from each shore, the mainland on one side and Skeleton Island on the other.
The bottom was clean sand.
The plunge of our anchor sent up clouds of birds wheeling and crying over the woods, but in less than a minute they were down again and all was once more silent.
The place was entirely land-locked, buried in woods, the trees coming right down to high-water mark, the shores mostly flat, and the hilltops standing round at a distance in a sort of amphitheatre, one here, one there.
Two little rivers, or rather two swamps, emptied out into this pond, as you might call it; and the foliage round that part of the shore had a kind of poisonous brightness.

Spi ies!”
At length, a person better informed on the merits of the case, tumbled against him, and from this person he learned that the funeral was the funeral of one Roger Cly.
“Was he a spy?” asked Mr. Cruncher.
“Old Bailey spy,” returned his informant.
“Yaha!
Tst!
Yah!
Old Bailey Spi i ies!”
“Why, to be sure!” exclaimed Jerry, recalling the Trial at which he had assisted.
“I've seen him.
Dead, is he?”
“Dead as mutton,” returned the other, “and can't be too dead.
Have 'em out, there!
Spies!
Pull 'em out, there!

questioned the young storks.
"Oh, then all the storks in the land will assemble, and the autumn sports will begin; only then one must be able to fly well, for that is very important.
Whoever does not fly as he should will be pierced to death by the general's beak, so mind that you learn well, when the drill begins."
"Yes, but then, after that, we shall be killed, as the boys say.
Hark!
they are singing it again."
"Attend to me and not to them," said the mother stork.
"After the great review we shall fly away to warm countries, far from here, over hills and forests.
To Egypt we shall fly, where are the three-cornered houses of stone, one point of which reaches to the clouds; they are called pyramids and are older than a stork can imagine.
In that same land there is a river which overflows its banks and turns the whole country into mire.
We shall go into the mire and eat frogs."
"Oh!

The young man went home very miserable; but when his mother heard what had happened she said: "It is a hard thing you want to do; but if you must, you must.
To-night I will make some fresh magic, and you can try again to-morrow."
Next morning High-feather asked for his breakfast; but his mother said, "You must not have any buffalo meat, or it will spoil the magic.
You must not eat anything but the wild strawberries you find on the prairie as you go."
Then she sewed a little bit of a mouse's whisker on to his red feather; and he tramped away across the prairie, picking wild strawberries and eating them as he went, till he came to the dancing ring.
As soon as he was inside the ring he turned into a little mouse, and made friends with the family of mice that lived in a hole under the grass; and the mother mouse promised to help him all she could.
They had not waited long when the basket came dropping down out of the sky.
The eldest sister put her head over the edge, and looked all around, north and west and south and east and down on the ground.
"There is no man here," she said, "and I do not see any gopher; but you must be very careful."
So they all got out of the basket, and began to dance round the ring, drumming and singing as they went.
But when they came near the mouse's nest the eldest sister held up her hand, and they stopped dancing and held their breath.
Then she tapped on the ground and listened.

here comes a great big witch, with her head under her arm, and a bag at her back."
"Jump under the kneading-trough and hide yourself," said his mother.
So in came the old hag.
"Good day," said she.
"God bless you!"
said Buttercup's mother.
"Isn't your Buttercup at home to-day?"
asked the hag.
"No, that he isn't.
He's out in the wood with his father, shooting grouse."
"Plague take it," said the hag, "for I had such a nice little silver knife I wanted to give him."
"Pip, pip!

But nothing was to be seen of him.
Just as they were still looking for him, however, came a knight riding on a steed that was much, much finer than that which the knight in copper armor had ridden, and this knight had silver armor and a silver saddle and bridle, and all were so bright that they shone and glistened when he was a long way off.
Again the other knights called to him, and said that he might just as well give up the attempt to ride up the glass hill, for it was useless to try; but the knight paid no heed to that, but rode straight away to the glass hill, and went still farther up than the knight in copper armor had gone; but when he had ridden two-thirds of the way up he turned his horse around, and rode down again.
The Princess liked this knight still better than she had liked the other, and sat longing that he might be able to get up above, and when she saw him turning back she threw the second apple after him, and it rolled into his shoe, and as soon as he had got down the glass hill he rode away so fast that no one could see what had become of him.
In the evening, when everyone was to appear before the King and Princess, in order that he who had the golden apple might show it, one knight went in after the other, but none of them had a golden apple to show.
At night the two brothers went home as they had done the night before, and told how things had gone, and how everyone had ridden, but no one had been able to get up the hill.
“But last of all,” they said, “came one in silver armor, and he had a silver bridle on his horse, and a silver saddle, and oh, but he could ride!
He took his horse two-thirds of the way up the hill, but then he turned back.
He was a fine fellow,”
 said the brothers, “and the Princess threw the second golden apple to him!”
“Oh, how I should have liked to see him too!” said Cinderlad.
“Oh, indeed!
He was a little brighter than the ashes that you sit grubbing among, you dirty black creature!” said the brothers.
On the third day everything went just as on the former days.

She thought she remembered the corners she must turn to find the short corridor with the door covered with tapestry—the one Mrs. Medlock had come through the day she lost herself.
The sound had come up that passage.
So she went on with her dim light, almost feeling her way, her heart beating so loud that she fancied she could hear it.
The far-off faint crying went on and led her.
Sometimes it stopped for a moment or so and then began again.
Was this the right corner to turn?
She stopped and thought.
Yes it was.
Down this passage and then to the left, and then up two broad steps, and then to the right again.
Yes, there was the tapestry door.
She pushed it open very gently and closed it behind her, and she stood in the corridor and could hear the crying quite plainly, though it was not loud.
It was on the other side of the wall at her left and a few yards farther on there was a door.

Are you willing to slay your own son to go?"
"Yes, I would even do that."
"Well, come with me as before to the temple, only, instead of a goat, take your son with you, and a sword.
When I say 'kill' you must kill, but not before."
So the three went to the temple, and the stepmother stood in the doorway and cried "Kill"; but before the Rajah could raise his sword she rushed forward and seized it.
"Stop!
do not kill your son.
Do you remember the suttee, and how you judged her and wished to punish her for killing her husband on account of a friend, and now you would kill your own son for the sake of pleasure!
All that has happened has been done to teach you a lesson; go you to your Palace, and there reign with greater wisdom than before."
Moral.
"Judge not, that ye be not judged."
THE BRAHMIN'S DAUGHTER 
A certain Brahmin's wife had no affection for her seven stepdaughters, and persuaded their father to get rid of them.

CHAPTER 19 
Edward remained a week at the cottage; he was earnestly pressed by Mrs.
Dashwood to stay longer; but, as if he were bent only on self-mortification, he seemed resolved to be gone when his enjoyment among his friends was at the height.
His spirits, during the last two or three days, though still very unequal, were greatly improved he grew more and more partial to the house and environs never spoke of going away without a sigh declared his time to be wholly disengaged even doubted to what place he should go when he left them but still, go he must.
Never had any week passed so quickly he could hardly believe it to be gone.
He said so repeatedly; other things he said too, which marked the turn of his feelings and gave the lie to his actions.
He had no pleasure at Norland; he detested being in town; but either to Norland or London, he must go.
He valued their kindness beyond any thing, and his greatest happiness was in being with them.
Yet, he must leave them at the end of a week, in spite of their wishes and his own, and without any restraint on his time.
Elinor placed all that was astonishing in this way of acting to his mother's account; and it was happy for her that he had a mother whose character was so imperfectly known to her, as to be the general excuse for every thing strange on the part of her son.
Disappointed, however, and vexed as she was, and sometimes displeased with his uncertain behaviour to herself, she was very well disposed on the whole to regard his actions with all the candid allowances and generous qualifications, which had been rather more painfully extorted from her, for Willoughby's service, by her mother.
His want of spirits, of openness, and of consistency, were most usually attributed to his want of independence, and his better knowledge of Mrs. Ferrars's disposition and designs.
The shortness of his visit, the steadiness of his purpose in leaving them, originated in the same fettered inclination, the same inevitable necessity of temporizing with his mother.
The old well-established grievance of duty against will, parent against child, was the cause of all.

What I mean is, I thought that if, when he was being the life and soul of the party, he were to catch my reproving eye he might ease up a trifle on the revelry.
So the next night I took him along to supper with me.
It was the last time.
I'm a quiet, peaceful sort of chappie who has lived all his life in London, and I can't stand the pace these swift sportsmen from the rural districts set.
What I mean to say is this, I'm all for rational enjoyment and so forth, but I think a chappie makes himself conspicuous when he throws soft-boiled eggs at the electric fan.
And decent mirth and all that sort of thing are all right, but I do bar dancing on tables and having to dash all over the place dodging waiters, managers, and chuckers-out, just when you want to sit still and digest.
Directly I managed to tear myself away that night and get home, I made up my mind that this was jolly well the last time that I went about with Motty.
The only time I met him late at night after that was once when I passed the door of a fairly low-down sort of restaurant and had to step aside to dodge him as he sailed through the air en route for the opposite pavement, with a muscular sort of looking chappie peering out after him with a kind of gloomy satisfaction.
In a way, I couldn't help sympathizing with the fellow.
He had about four weeks to have the good time that ought to have been spread over about ten years, and I didn't wonder at his wanting to be pretty busy.
I should have been just the same in his place.
Still, there was no denying that it was a bit thick.

You hate hard work, and you'll marry some rich man, and come home to sit in the lap of luxury all your days," said Jo.
"Your predictions sometimes come to pass, but I don't believe that one will.
I'm sure I wish it would, for if I can't be an artist myself, I should like to be able to help those who are," said Amy, smiling, as if the part of Lady Bountiful would suit her better than that of a poor drawing teacher.
"Hum!"
said Jo, with a sigh.
"If you wish it you'll have it, for your wishes are always granted mine never."
"Would you like to go?"
asked Amy, thoughtfully patting her nose with her knife.
"Rather!"
"Well, in a year or two I'll send for you, and we'll dig in the Forum for relics, and carry out all the plans we've made so many times."
"Thank you.
I'll remind you of your promise when that joyful day comes, if it ever does," returned Jo, accepting the vague but magnificent offer as gratefully as she could.

Fairy Godmother.
Touch them with my fairy wand and turn them into a coachman and a footman.
See, the coachman is on the box with the reins in his hand, and the footman holds the door open for you.
Will you step in, Cinderella?
Cinderella.
In these clothes, dear godmother?
Fairy Godmother (laughing).
That wouldn't be nice, would it?
Well, let us see what my wand can do for you.
Now look in the glass and tell me what you see there.
Cinderella.
Oh, what a pretty lady!

And when Hans the Hedgehog had the bagpipes, he said, “Dear father, do go to the forge and get the cock shod, and then I will ride away, and never come back again.” On this, the father was delighted to think that he was going to get rid of him, and had the cock shod for him, and when it was done, Hans the Hedgehog got on it, and rode away, but took swine and asses with him which he intended to keep in the forest.
When they got there he made the cock fly on to a high tree with him, and there he sat for many a long year, and watched his asses and swine until the herd was quite large, and his father knew nothing about him.
While he was sitting in the tree, however, he played his bagpipes, and made music which was very beautiful.
Once a King came travelling by who had lost his way and heard the music.
He was astonished at it, and sent his servant forth to look all round and see from whence this music came.
He spied about, but saw nothing but a little animal sitting up aloft on the tree, which looked like a cock with a hedgehog on it which made this music.
Then the King told the servant he was to ask why he sat there, and if he knew the road which led to his kingdom.
So Hans the Hedgehog descended from the tree, and said he would show the way if the King would write a bond and promise him whatever he first met in the royal courtyard as soon as he arrived at home.
Then the King thought, “I can easily do that, Hans the Hedgehog understands nothing, and I can write what I like.” So the King took pen and ink and wrote something, and when he had done it, Hans the Hedgehog showed him the way, and he got safely home.
But his daughter, when she saw him from afar, was so overjoyed that she ran to meet him, and kissed him.
Then he remembered Hans the Hedgehog, and told her what had happened, and that he had been forced to promise whatsoever first met him when he got home, to a very strange animal which sat on a cock as if it were a horse, and made beautiful music, but that instead of writing that he should have what he wanted, he had written that he should not have it.
Thereupon the princess was glad, and said he had done well, for she never would have gone away with the Hedgehog.

The Scarecrow waked Dorothy and the Lion and Toto, and told them that the ladder was ready.
The Scarecrow climbed up the ladder first, but he was so awkward that Dorothy had to follow close behind and keep him from falling off.
When he got his head over the top of the wall the Scarecrow said, "Oh, my!"
"Go on," exclaimed Dorothy.
So the Scarecrow climbed farther up and sat down on the top of the wall, and Dorothy put her head over and cried, "Oh, my!"
just as the Scarecrow had done.
Then Toto came up, and immediately began to bark, but Dorothy made him be still.
The Lion climbed the ladder next, and the Tin Woodman came last; but both of them cried, "Oh, my!"
as soon as they looked over the wall.
When they were all sitting in a row on the top of the wall, they looked down and saw a strange sight.
Before them was a great stretch of country having a floor as smooth and shining and white as the bottom of a big platter.
Scattered around were many houses made entirely of china and painted in the brightest colors.

I have so often heard, and I have even believed, that in society there was nothing but empty forms, and that reality had vanished; but I now see for myself that this can never be the case here, among us it may be the order elsewhere, but not in Russia.
Surely you are not all Jesuits and deceivers!
I heard Prince N.’s story just now.
Was it not simple-minded, spontaneous humour?
Could such words come from the lips of a man who is dead?
a man whose heart and talents are dried up?
Could dead men and women have treated me so kindly as you have all been treating me to-day?
Is there not material for the future in all this for hope?
Can such people fail to understand?
Can such men fall away from reality?”
“Once more let us beg you to be calm, my dear boy.
We’ll talk of all this another time I shall do so with the greatest pleasure, for one,”
 said the old dignitary, with a smile.
Ivan Petrovitch grunted and twisted round in his chair.

He asked, “Where does the godfather live?” One of the fingers replied, “One flight of stairs higher.” On the third flight lay a heap of dead heads, which again directed him to the flight beyond.
On the fourth flight, he saw fishes on the fire, which frizzled in the pans and baked themselves.
They, too, said, “One flight of stairs higher.” And when he had ascended the fifth, he came to the door of a room and peeped through the keyhole, and there he saw the godfather who had a pair of long horns.
When he opened the door and went in, the godfather got into bed in a great hurry and covered himself up.
Then said the man, “Sir godfather, what a strange household you have!
When I came to your first flight of stairs, the shovel and broom were quarreling, and beating each other violently.”
“How stupid you are!” said the godfather.
“That was the boy and the maid talking to each other.” “But on the second flight I saw dead fingers lying.” “Oh, how silly you are!
Those were some roots of scorzonera.” “On the third flight lay a heap of dead men’s heads.”
“Foolish man, those were cabbages.” “On the fourth flight, I saw fishes in a pan, which were hissing and baking themselves.” When he had said that, the fishes came and served themselves up.
“And when I got to the fifth flight, I peeped through the keyhole of a door, and there, godfather, I saw you, and you had long, long horns.” “Oh, that is a lie!” The man became alarmed, and ran out, and if he had not, who knows what the godfather would have done to him.
43 Frau Trude 
There was once a little girl who was obstinate and inquisitive, and when her parents told her to do anything, she did not obey them, so how could she fare well?
One day she said to her parents, “I have heard so much of Frau Trude, I will go to her some day.
People say that everything about her does look so strange, and that there are such odd things in her house, that I have become quite curious!” Her parents absolutely forbade her, and said, “Frau Trude is a bad woman, who does wicked things, and if thou goest to her; thou art no longer our child.”
But the maiden did not let herself be turned aside by her parent’s prohibition, and still went to Frau Trude.

Then and there they gave each other a sound thrashing.
After this fight, Mastro Antonio had two more scratches on his nose, and Geppetto had two buttons missing from his coat.
Thus having settled their accounts, they shook hands and swore to be good friends for the rest of their lives.
Then Geppetto took the fine piece of wood, thanked Mastro Antonio, and limped away toward home.
CHAPTER 3 
As soon as he gets home, Geppetto fashions the Marionette and calls it Pinocchio.
The first pranks  of the Marionette.
Little as Geppetto’s house was, it was neat and comfortable.
It was a small room on the ground floor, with a tiny window under the stairway.
The furniture could not have been much simpler: a very old chair, a rickety old bed, and a tumble-down table.
A fireplace full of burning logs was painted on the wall opposite the door.
Over the fire, there was painted a pot full of something which kept boiling happily away and sending up clouds of what looked like real steam.
As soon as he reached home, Geppetto took his tools and began to cut and shape the wood into a Marionette.

The metallic groups of figures, among which were "Perseus" and "The Rape of the Sabines," looked like living persons, and cries of terror sounded from them all across the noble square.
By the Palazzo degli Uffizi, in the arcade where the nobility assembled for the carnival, the Metal Pig stopped.
"Hold fast,"
said the animal, "hold fast, for I am going upstairs."
The little boy said not a word.
He was half pleased and half afraid.
They entered a long gallery, where the boy had been before.
The walls were resplendent with paintings, and here and there stood statues and busts, all in a clear light as if it were day.
The grandest sight appeared when the door of a side room opened.
The little boy could remember what beautiful things he had seen there, but to-night everything shone in its brightest colors.
Here stood the figure of a beautiful woman, as radiantly beautiful as nature and the art of one of the great masters could make her.
Her graceful limbs appeared to move; dolphins sprang at her feet, and immortality shone from her eyes.
The world called her the "Venus de' Medici."

But all things retained their natural colors and shapes.
The woods and leaves, and streams and lakes, were only more bright and comely than he had ever witnessed.
Animals bounded across his path, with a freedom and a confidence which seemed to tell him there was no blood shed here.
Birds of beautiful plumage inhabited the groves, and sported in the waters.
There was but one thing in which he saw a very unusual effect.
He noticed that his passage was not stopped by trees or other objects.
He appeared to walk directly through them.
They were, in fact, but the souls or shadows of material trees.
He became sensible that he was in a land of shadows.
When he had traveled half a day's journey, through a country which was continually becoming more attractive, he came to the banks of a broad lake, in the center of which was a large and beautiful island.
He found a canoe of shining white stone, tied to the shore.
He was now sure that he had taken the right path, for the aged man had told him this.

I remember vividly the flickering light, his queer, broad head in silhouette, the dance of the shadows, how we all followed him, puzzled but incredulous, and how there in the laboratory we beheld a larger edition of the little mechanism which we had seen vanish from before our eyes.
Parts were of nickel, parts of ivory, parts had certainly been filed or sawn out of rock crystal.
The thing was generally complete, but the twisted crystalline bars lay unfinished upon the bench beside some sheets of drawings, and I took one up for a better look at it.
Quartz it seemed to be.
“Look here,” said the Medical Man, “are you perfectly serious?
Or is this a trick—like that ghost you showed us last Christmas?”
“Upon that machine,” said the Time Traveller, holding the lamp aloft, “I intend to explore time.
Is that plain?
I was never more serious in my life.”
None of us quite knew how to take it.
I caught Filby’s eye over the shoulder of the Medical Man, and he winked at me solemnly.
III 
 The Time Traveller Returns 
I think that at that time none of us quite believed in the Time Machine.
The fact is, the Time Traveller was one of those men who are too clever to be believed: you never felt that you saw all round him; you always suspected some subtle reserve, some ingenuity in ambush, behind his lucid frankness.
Had Filby shown the model and explained the matter in the Time Traveller’s words, we should have shown him far less scepticism.

Where, in the bottomless deeps, could he find the torn limbs of his brother?
With memories like these in him, and, moreover, given to a certain superstitiousness, as has been said; the courage of this Starbuck which could, nevertheless, still flourish, must indeed have been extreme.
But it was not in reasonable nature that a man so organized, and with such terrible experiences and remembrances as he had; it was not in nature that these things should fail in latently engendering an element in him, which, under suitable circumstances, would break out from its confinement, and burn all his courage up.
And brave as he might be, it was that sort of bravery chiefly, visible in some intrepid men, which, while generally abiding firm in the conflict with seas, or winds, or whales, or any of the ordinary irrational horrors of the world, yet cannot withstand those more terrific, because more spiritual terrors, which sometimes menace you from the concentrating brow of an enraged and mighty man.
But were the coming narrative to reveal in any instance, the complete abasement of poor Starbuck’s fortitude, scarce might I have the heart to write it; for it is a thing most sorrowful, nay shocking, to expose the fall of valour in the soul.
Men may seem detestable as joint stock-companies and nations; knaves, fools, and murderers there may be; men may have mean and meagre faces; but man, in the ideal, is so noble and so sparkling, such a grand and glowing creature, that over any ignominious blemish in him all his fellows should run to throw their costliest robes.
That immaculate manliness we feel within ourselves, so far within us, that it remains intact though all the outer character seem gone; bleeds with keenest anguish at the undraped spectacle of a valor-ruined man.
Nor can piety itself, at such a shameful sight, completely stifle her upbraidings against the permitting stars.
But this august dignity I treat of, is not the dignity of kings and robes, but that abounding dignity which has no robed investiture.
Thou shalt see it shining in the arm that wields a pick or drives a spike; that democratic dignity which, on all hands, radiates without end from God; Himself!
The great God absolute!
The centre and circumference of all democracy!

One came up roaring with open mouth to devour him, when he struck it with his wand, and laid it in an instant dead at his feet.
He soon came to the Etin’s castle, where he knocked, and was admitted.
The auld woman that sat by the fire warned him of the terrible Etin, and what had been the fate of the twa brithers; but he was not to be daunted.
The monster soon came in, saying:
  “Snouk but and snouk ben,   I find the smell of an earthly man;   Be he living, or be he dead,   His heart shall be kitchen to my bread.”
He quickly espied the young man, and bade him come forth on the floor.
And then he put the three questions to him, but the young man had been told everything by the good fairy, so he was able to answer all the questions.
When the Etin found this he knew that his power was gone.
The young man then took up the axe and hewed off the monster’s three heads.
He next asked the old woman to show him where the King’s daughters lay; and the old woman took him upstairs and opened a great many doors, and out of every door came a beautiful lady who had been imprisoned there by the Etin; and ane o’ the ladies was the King’s daughter.
She also took him down into a low room, and there stood two stone pillars that he had only to touch wi’ his wand, when his two friends and neighbors started into life.
And the hale o’ the prisoners were overjoyed at their deliverance, which they all acknowledged to be owing to the prudent young man.
Next day they a’ set out for the King’s Court, and a gallant company they made.
And the King married his daughter to the young man that had delivered her, and gave a noble’s daughter to ilk ane o’ the other young men; and so they a’ lived happily a’ the rest o’ their days.

The little tailor went up to him, and greeting him cheerfully said: “Good-day, friend; there you sit at your ease viewing the whole wide world.
I’m just on my way there.
What do you say to accompanying me?” The giant looked contemptuously at the tailor, and said: “What a poor wretched little creature you are!” “That’s a good joke,” answered the little tailor, and unbuttoning his coat he showed the giant the girdle.
“There now, you can read what sort of a fellow I am.” The giant read: “Seven at a blow”; and thinking they were human beings the tailor had slain, he conceived a certain respect for the little man.
But first he thought he’d test him, so taking up a stone in his hand, he squeezed it till some drops of water ran out.
“Now you do the same,” said the giant, “if you really wish to be thought strong.”
 “Is that all?” said the little tailor; “that’s child’s play to me,” so he dived into his wallet, brought out the cheese, and pressed it till the whey ran out.
“My squeeze was in sooth better than yours,” said he.
The giant didn’t know what to say, for he couldn’t have believed it of the little fellow.
To prove him again, the giant lifted a stone and threw it so high that the eye could hardly follow it.
“Now, my little pigmy, let me see you do that.” “Well thrown,” said the tailor; “but, after all, your stone fell to the ground; I’ll throw one that won’t come down at all.” He dived into his wallet again, and grasping the bird in his hand, he threw it up into the air.
The bird, enchanted to be free, soared up into the sky, and flew away never to return.
“Well, what do you think of that little piece of business, friend?” asked the tailor.

Both resorted to the drinking-table without stint, but each in a different way; the lion for the most part reclining with his hands in his waistband, looking at the fire, or occasionally flirting with some lighter document; the jackal, with knitted brows and intent face, so deep in his task, that his eyes did not even follow the hand he stretched out for his glass which often groped about, for a minute or more, before it found the glass for his lips.
Two or three times, the matter in hand became so knotty, that the jackal found it imperative on him to get up, and steep his towels anew.
From these pilgrimages to the jug and basin, he returned with such eccentricities of damp headgear as no words can describe; which were made the more ludicrous by his anxious gravity.
At length the jackal had got together a compact repast for the lion, and proceeded to offer it to him.
The lion took it with care and caution, made his selections from it, and his remarks upon it, and the jackal assisted both.
When the repast was fully discussed, the lion put his hands in his waistband again, and lay down to meditate.
The jackal then invigorated himself with a bumper for his throttle, and a fresh application to his head, and applied himself to the collection of a second meal; this was administered to the lion in the same manner, and was not disposed of until the clocks struck three in the morning.
“And now we have done, Sydney, fill a bumper of punch,” said Mr.
Stryver.
The jackal removed the towels from his head, which had been steaming again, shook himself, yawned, shivered, and complied.
“You were very sound, Sydney, in the matter of those crown witnesses to-day.
Every question told.”
“I always am sound; am I not?”
“I don't gainsay it.
What has roughened your temper?

He said they tasted very strangely.
She gave some to the little boy, but he would not eat.
She tried to force him, but he refused, and ran out into the garden, and took up his little sister, and put her in a box, and buried the box under a rose-tree; and every day he went to the tree and wept, till his tears ran down on the box.
One day the rose-tree flowered.
It was spring, and there among the flowers was a white bird; and it sang, and sang, and sang like an angel out of heaven.
Away it flew, and it went to a cobbler's shop, and perched itself on a tree hard by; and thus it sang, 
  “My wicked mother slew me,   My dear father ate me,   My little brother whom I love   Sits below, and I sing above     Stick, stock, stone dead.”
“Sing again that beautiful song,” asked the shoemaker.
“If you will first give me those little red shoes you are making.” The cobbler gave the shoes, and the bird sang the song; then flew to a tree in front of a watchmaker's, and sang:
  “My wicked mother slew me,   My dear father ate me,   My little brother whom I love   Sits below, and I sing above     Stick, stock, stone dead.”
“Oh, the beautiful song!
sing it again, sweet bird,” asked the watchmaker.
“If you will give me first that gold watch and chain in your hand.” The jeweller gave the watch and chain.
The bird took it in one foot, the shoes in the other, and, after having repeated the song, flew away to where three millers were picking a millstone.
The bird perched on a tree and sang:
  “My wicked mother slew me,   My dear father ate me,   My little brother whom I love   Sits below, and I sing above     Stick!”
Then one of the men put down his tool and looked up from his work, 
  “Stock!”
Then the second miller's man laid aside his tool and looked up, 
  “Stone!”
Then the third miller's man laid down his tool and looked up, 
  “Dead!”
Then all three cried out with one voice: “Oh, what a beautiful song!
Sing it, sweet bird, again.” “If you will put the millstone round my neck,” said the bird.

Nearly scared to death from fear, they lay there, afraid to talk, afraid even to breathe.
The next morning the witch ordered all the linen to be woven and a large supply of firewood to be brought from the forest.
The children took the towel and comb and ran away as fast as their feet could possibly carry them.
The dogs were after them, but they threw them the cookies that were left; the gates did not open themselves, but the children smoothed them with oil; the birch tree near the path almost scratched their eyes out, but the gentle girl fastened a pretty ribbon to it.
So they went farther and farther and ran out of the dark forest into the wide, sunny fields.
The cat sat down by the loom and tore the thread to pieces, doing it with delight.
Baba Yaga returned.
"Where are the children?"
she shouted, and began to beat the cat.
"Why hast thou let them go, thou treacherous cat?
Why hast thou not scratched their faces?"
The cat answered: "Well, it was because I have served thee so many years and thou hast never given me a bite, while the dear children gave me some good ham."

He stood beside her couch and spoke to her.
"The stormy winds have sunk my ship in the Aegean Sea," he told Halcyone, "let me not be alone.
Arise and come with me!"
It was the most enlightening dream that Somnus could have sent.
Halcyone left off her lamentations and implored the gods that she be allowed to join her husband, and the pitying gods turned them both into birds.
They became the Halcyone gulls of the sea, riding the surf together, guarding their nest that floated upon the sea, and never again separated.
As soon as she felt sure that her errand was safely accomplished, Iris made haste to leave the domain of Somnus, for she felt its drowsiness creeping over her.
She tried not to crush any of the sleep producing herbs as she went, and she was careful not to pick a single poppy.
At last she was safely outside the boundaries, and then she could hardly believe what she saw, for a wonder had happened to her.
The gods had built her a long bridge that arched from the earth to the sky and over which she could go home to Olympus.
It was made of colored stones, the ruby, the topaz, the emerald, the sapphire, and the amethyst.
Row upon row the glistening stones of the arch made a bright path for Iris' feet.

Her young womanhood had, I knew, been spent in rough scenes and under strange conditions.
So far I had got before I ever heard Lord St.
Simon’s narrative.
When he told us of a man in a pew, of the change in the bride’s manner, of so transparent a device for obtaining a note as the dropping of a bouquet, of her resort to her confidential maid, and of her very significant allusion to claim-jumping—which in miners’
parlance means taking possession of that which another person has a prior claim to—the whole situation became absolutely clear.
She had gone off with a man, and the man was either a lover or was a previous husband—the chances being in favour of the latter.”
“And how in the world did you find them?”
“It might have been difficult, but friend Lestrade held information in his hands the value of which he did not himself know.
The initials were, of course, of the highest importance, but more valuable still was it to know that within a week he had settled his bill at one of the most select London hotels.”
“How did you deduce the select?”
“By the select prices.
Eight shillings for a bed and eightpence for a glass of sherry pointed to one of the most expensive hotels.
There are not many in London which charge at that rate.
In the second one which I visited in Northumberland Avenue, I learned by an inspection of the book that Francis H. Moulton, an American gentleman, had left only the day before, and on looking over the entries against him, I came upon the very items which I had seen in the duplicate bill.
His letters were to be forwarded to 226 Gordon Square; so thither I travelled, and being fortunate enough to find the loving couple at home, I ventured to give them some paternal advice and to point out to them that it would be better in every way that they should make their position a little clearer both to the general public and to Lord St. Simon in particular.
I invited them to meet him here, and, as you see, I made him keep the appointment.”
“But with no very good result,” I remarked.
“His conduct was certainly not very gracious.”
“Ah, Watson,” said Holmes, smiling, “perhaps you would not be very gracious either, if, after all the trouble of wooing and wedding, you found yourself deprived in an instant of wife and of fortune.
I think that we may judge Lord St. Simon very mercifully and thank our stars that we are never likely to find ourselves in the same position.

The pelicans, too, delighted him as they perched with pedantic solemnity upon wharf-piles, or sailed in hunched and huddled gravity twenty feet above the river's surface in swift, dignified flight, which always ended suddenly in an abrupt, up-ended plunge that threw dignity to the winds in its greedy haste, and dropped them crashing into the water.
When darkness came suddenly at last, he made in toward shore, mooring to the warm-fretted end of a fallen and forgotten landing.
A straggling orange-grove was here, broken lines of vanquished cultivation, struggling little trees swathed and choked in the festooning gray moss, still showing here and there the valiant golden gleam of fruit.
Gideon had seen many such places, had seen settlers come and clear themselves a space in the jungle, plant their groves, and live for a while in lazy independence; and then for some reason or other they would go, and before they had scarcely turned their backs, the jungle had crept in again, patiently restoring its ancient sovereignty.
The place was eery with the ghost of dead effort; but it pleased him.
He made a fire and cooked supper, eating enormously and with relish.
His conscience did not trouble him at all.
Stuhk and his own career seemed already distant; they took small place in his thoughts, and served merely as a background for his present absolute content.
He picked some oranges, and ate them in meditative enjoyment.
For a while he nodded, half asleep, beside his fire, watching the darkened river, where the mullet, shimmering with phosphorescence, still leaped starkly above the surface, and fell in spattering brilliance.
Midnight found him sprawled asleep beside his fire.
Once he awoke.

His lordship has not yet returned."
"Not returned?
What do you mean?"
"His lordship came in shortly after six-thirty, and, having dressed, went out again."
At this moment there was a noise outside the front door, a sort of scrabbling noise, as if somebody were trying to paw his way through the woodwork.
Then a sort of thud.
"Better go and see what that is, Jeeves."
"Very good, sir."
He went out and came back again.
"If you would not mind stepping this way, sir, I think we might be able to carry him in."
"Carry him in?"
"His lordship is lying on the mat, sir."

"Well, he was; and he said the Princess promised to marry him, and the King said he didn't care, she shouldn't do noffing of the kind.
So they had a fight, and while they were fighting that horrid old Fairy hit the Princess, and then the Yellow Dwarf took her up on the cat, and flewed away wiz her.
That's all about the first part.
Don't you think it's time for luncheon?"
"Oh, but you are never going to stop there, Snow-white!
I want to know what became of them.
Even if the dwarf did carry off the Princess, and even if she had promised to marry him, for she did promise, you say, still, of course he did not get her.
Dwarfs have no rights that anybody is bound to respect, have they, Snow-white?"
"Well, I don't like the last part, because it doesn't end right.
The Desert Fairy falled in love wiz the King, and she hoped he would marry her, but he said no indeed, he wouldn't have her in the same place wiz him at all; so he wouldn't stay in the house, but he went out to walk by the wall that was made of emeralds, and a mermaid came up and said she was sorry, and if he hit everything wiz this sword it would kill them, but he must never let go of it.
So he thanked her very much, and he went along, and he killed lots of things, spinxes and nymps and things, and at last he came to the Princess, but then he was so glad to see her that he let go of the sword just a minute, and what do you think that horrid dwarf did?
Why, he comed right along and took it, and said he shouldn't have it back unless he would give up the Princess.

said the old lady, putting up her glass for another observation of Meg, who tried to look as if she had not heard and been rather shocked at Mrs. Moffat's fibs.
The 'queer feeling' did not pass away, but she imagined herself acting the new part of fine lady and so got on pretty well, though the tight dress gave her a side-ache, the train kept getting under her feet, and she was in constant fear lest her earrings should fly off and get lost or broken.
She was flirting her fan and laughing at the feeble jokes of a young gentleman who tried to be witty, when she suddenly stopped laughing and looked confused, for just opposite, she saw Laurie.
He was staring at her with undisguised surprise, and disapproval also, she thought, for though he bowed and smiled, yet something in his honest eyes made her blush and wish she had her old dress on.
To complete her confusion, she saw Belle nudge Annie, and both glance from her to Laurie, who, she was happy to see, looked unusually boyish and shy.
"Silly creatures, to put such thoughts into my head.
I won't care for it, or let it change me a bit," thought Meg, and rustled across the room to shake hands with her friend.
"I'm glad you came, I was afraid you wouldn't."
she said, with her most grown-up air.
"Jo wanted me to come, and tell her how you looked, so I did," answered Laurie, without turning his eyes upon her, though he half smiled at her maternal tone.
"What shall you tell her?"
asked Meg, full of curiosity to know his opinion of her, yet feeling ill at ease with him for the first time.

I'll open the oven door and see if my gingerbread man is ready.
Oh!
what was that!
Why, it is the gingerbread man!
Gingerbread Man.
Yes, it is the gingerbread man, and now I'll go and see the world.
Little Old Woman.
Go!
you mustn't go!
You belong to me.
Gingerbread Man.
Ah, ha!

"I speak in your best interests.
P. Maloney is a man of the fiercest passions.
He cannot brook interference.
If you should argue with him, there is no knowing what might not happen.
He would be the first to regret any violent action, when once he had cooled off, but  Of course, if you wish it I could arrange a meeting.
No?
I think you are wise.
And now, gentlemen, as I have a good deal of work to get through 
"All very disturbing to the man of culture and refinement," said Smith, as the door closed behind the last of the malcontents.
"But I think that we may now consider the line clear.
I see no further obstacle in our path.
I fear I have made Comrade Maloney perhaps a shade unpopular with our late contributors, but these things must be.
We must clench our teeth and face them manfully.

Whereas, in my opinion, by her taking so much notice of you, and treating you in this kind of way, she has given you a sort of claim on her future consideration, which a conscientious woman would not disregard.
Nothing can be kinder than her behaviour; and she can hardly do all this, without being aware of the expectation it raises."
"But she raises none in those most concerned.
Indeed, brother, your anxiety for our welfare and prosperity carries you too far."
"Why, to be sure," said he, seeming to recollect himself, "people have little, have very little in their power.
But, my dear Elinor, what is the matter with Marianne?
she looks very unwell, has lost her colour, and is grown quite thin.
Is she ill?"
"She is not well, she has had a nervous complaint on her for several weeks."
"I am sorry for that.
At her time of life, any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever!
Hers has been a very short one!

She swam with the handsome prince to the beach, which was covered with fine white sand, and there she laid him in the warm sunshine, taking care to raise his head higher than his body.
Then bells sounded in the large white building, and some young girls came into the garden.
The little mermaid swam out farther from the shore and hid herself among some high rocks that rose out of the water.
Covering her head and neck with the foam of the sea, she watched there to see what would become of the poor prince.
It was not long before she saw a young girl approach the spot where the prince lay.
She seemed frightened at first, but only for a moment; then she brought a number of people, and the mermaid saw that the prince came to life again and smiled upon those who stood about him.
But to her he sent no smile; he knew not that she had saved him.
This made her very sorrowful, and when he was led away into the great building, she dived down into the water and returned to her father's castle.
She had always been silent and thoughtful, and now she was more so than ever.
Her sisters asked her what she had seen during her first visit to the surface of the water, but she could tell them nothing.
Many an evening and morning did she rise to the place where she had left the prince.
She saw the fruits in the garden ripen and watched them gathered; she watched the snow on the mountain tops melt away; but never did she see the prince, and therefore she always returned home more sorrowful than before.

"I have no foolish weaknesses."
The Colonel's moist, beady eyes swept silently over his client's sallow face.
He leaned back comfortably in his chair, and half closing his eyes as in dreamy reminiscence, said, slowly: "Your reply, Mr. Hotchkiss, reminds me of er sing'lar circumstances that  er occurred, in point of fact at the St. Charles Hotel, New Orleans.
Pinkey Hornblower personal friend invited Senator Doolittle to join him in social glass.
Received, sing'larly enough, reply similar to yours.
'Don't drink nor smoke?'
said Pinkey.
'Gad, sir, you must be mighty sweet on the ladies.'
Ha!"
The Colonel paused long enough to allow the faint flush to pass from Hotchkiss's cheek, and went on, half closing his eyes: "'I allow no man, sir, to discuss my personal habits,' said Doolittle, over his shirt collar.
'Then I reckon shootin' must be one of those habits,' said Pinkey, coolly.
Both men drove out on the Shell Road back of cemetery next morning.

take me out!
or I shall burn; I have been baked a long time!” But the lazy thing answered, “As if I had any wish to make myself dirty?” and on she went.
Soon she came to the apple-tree, which cried, “Oh, shake me!
shake me!
we apples are all ripe!” But she answered, “I like that!
one of you might fall on my head,” and so went on.
When she came to Mother Holle’s house she was not afraid, for she had already heard of her big teeth, and she hired herself to her immediately.
The first day she forced herself to work diligently, and obeyed Mother Holle when she told her to do anything, for she was thinking of all the gold that she would give her.
But on the second day she began to be lazy, and on the third day still more so, and then she would not get up in the morning at all.
Neither did she make Mother Holle’s bed as she ought, and did not shake it so as to make the feathers fly up.
Mother Holle was soon tired of this, and gave her notice to leave.
The lazy girl was willing enough to go, and thought that now the golden rain would come.

You are smiling.
Do you know, I am sometimes very wicked for I lose my faith?
This evening as I came here, I thought to myself, ‘What shall I talk about?
How am I to begin, so that they may be able to understand partially, at all events?’ How afraid I was dreadfully afraid!
And yet, how could I be afraid was it not shameful of me?
Was I afraid of finding a bottomless abyss of empty selfishness?
Ah!
that’s why I am so happy at this moment, because I find there is no bottomless abyss at all but good, healthy material, full of life.
“It is not such a very dreadful circumstance that we are odd people, is it?
For we really are odd, you know careless, reckless, easily wearied of anything.
We don’t look thoroughly into matters don’t care to understand things.
We are all like this you and I, and all of them!

He's wearing spectacles!"
This was the astonished cry of the beholders, and, sure enough, Tartarin had thought it his duty to don Algerian costume because he was going to Algeria.
He also carried two heavy rifles, one on each shoulder, a huge hunting-knife at his waist and a revolver in a leather case.
A pair of large blue spectacles were worn by him, for the sun in Algeria is terribly strong, you know.
At the station the doors of the waiting-room had to be closed to keep the crowd out, while the great man took leave of his friends, making promises to each, and jotting down notes on his tablets of the various people to whom he would send lion-skins.
Oh, that I had the brush of an artist, that I might paint you some pictures of Tartarin during his three days aboard the Zouave on the voyage from Marseilles!
But I have no facility with the brush, and mere words cannot convey how he passed from the proudly heroic to the hopelessly miserable in the course of the journey.
Worst of all, while he was groaning in his stuffy bunk, he knew that a very merry party of passengers were enjoying themselves in the saloon.
He was still in his bunk when the ship came to her moorings at Algiers, and he got up with a sudden jerk, under the impression that the Zouave was sinking.
Seizing his many weapons, he rushed on deck, to find it was not foundering, but only arriving.
Soon after Tartarin had set foot on shore, following a great negro porter, he was almost stupefied by the babel of tongues; but, fortunately, a policeman took him in hand and had him directed, together with his enormous collection of luggage, to the European hotel.
On arriving at his hotel, he was so fatigued that his marvellous collection of weapons had to be taken from him, and he had to be carried to bed, where he snored very soundly until it was striking three o'clock.

The care of my body is my principal work, I eat not a little and drink still more.
When I have had four meals, I fast a short time until I feel hunger again, and that suits me best.
To rise betimes is not for me; when it is getting near mid-day, I already seek out a resting-place for myself.
If the master call, I do exactly as if I had not heard him, and if he call for the second time, I wait awhile before I get up, and go to him very slowly.
In this way life is endurable.”
The second said, “I have a horse to look after, but I leave the bit in his mouth, and if I do not want to do it, I give him no food, and I say he has had it already.
I, however, lay myself in the oat-chest and sleep for four hours.
After this I stretch out one foot and move it a couple of times over the horse’s body, and then he is combed and cleaned.
Who is going to make a great business of that?
Nevertheless service is too toilsome for me.”
The third said, “Why plague oneself with work?
Nothing comes of it!
I laid myself in the sun, and fell asleep.
It began to rain a little, but why should I get up?

He quickly climbed the tree and began to pluck and eat, as fast as he could, one persimmon after another.
Each time he chose the best and ripest he could find, and went on eating till he could eat no more.
Not one would he give to the poor hungry crab waiting below, and when he had finished there was little but the hard, unripe fruit left.
You can imagine the feelings of the poor crab after waiting patiently, for so long as he had done, for the tree to grow and the fruit to ripen, when he saw the monkey devouring all the good persimmons.
He was so disappointed that he ran round and round the tree calling to the monkey to remember his promise.
The monkey at first took no notice of the crab's complaints, but at last he picked out the hardest, greenest persimmon he could find and aimed it at the crab's head.
The persimmon is as hard as stone when it is unripe.
The monkey's missile struck home and the crab was sorely hurt by the blow.
Again and again, as fast as he could pick them, the monkey pulled off the hard persimmons and threw them at the defenseless crab till he dropped dead, covered with wounds all over his body.
There he lay a pitiful sight at the foot of the tree he had himself planted.
When the wicked monkey saw that he had killed the crab he ran away from the spot as fast as he could, in fear and trembling, like a coward as he was.
Now the crab had a son who had been playing with a friend not far from the spot where this sad work had taken place.

And as it is only half blood!
But you have such a generous spirit!"
"I would not wish to do any thing mean," he replied.
"One had rather, on such occasions, do too much than too little.
No one, at least, can think I have not done enough for them: even themselves, they can hardly expect more."
"There is no knowing what THEY may expect," said the lady, "but we are not to think of their expectations: the question is, what you can afford to do."
"Certainly and I think I may afford to give them five hundred pounds a-piece.
As it is, without any addition of mine, they will each have about three thousand pounds on their mother's death a very comfortable fortune for any young woman."
"To be sure it is; and, indeed, it strikes me that they can want no addition at all.
They will have ten thousand pounds divided amongst them.
If they marry, they will be sure of doing well, and if they do not, they may all live very comfortably together on the interest of ten thousand pounds."
"That is very true, and, therefore, I do not know whether, upon the whole, it would not be more advisable to do something for their mother while she lives, rather than for them something of the annuity kind I mean.

She upped and she oped it, and there sure enough was the little old thing sitting on the ledge.
“Where's the flax?” says he.
“Here it be,” says she.
And she gave it to him.
Well, come the evening a knocking came again to the window.
She upped and she oped it, and there was the little old thing with five skeins of flax on his arm.
“Here it be,” says he, and he gave it to her.
“Now, what's my name?” says he.
“What, is that Bill?” says she.
“Noo, that ain't,” says he, and he twirled his tail.
“Is that Ned?” says she.
“Noo, that ain't,” says he, and he twirled his tail.

"I will only have Laili for my wife; I will not marry any other woman," said Prince Majnun.
"How can you marry Laili?
Laili is dead.
She will never come back to you," said the father.
"Then I'll not have any wife at all," said Prince Majnun.
Meanwhile Laili was living in the jungle where her husband had left her a little heap of ashes.
As soon as Majnun had gone, the fakir had taken her ashes and made them quite clean, and then he had mixed clay and water with the ashes, and made the figure of a woman with them, and so Laili regained her human form, and Khuda sent life into it.
But Laili had become once more a hideous old woman, with a long, long nose, and teeth like tusks; just such an old woman, excepting her teeth, as she had been when she came out of the Rohu fish; and she lived in the jungle, and neither ate nor drank, and she kept on saying, "Majnun, Majnun; I want Majnun."
At last the angel who had come as a fakir and thrown the powder at her, said to Khuda, "Of what use is it that this woman should sit in the jungle crying, crying for ever, 'Majnun, Majnun; I want Majnun,'
and eating and drinking nothing?
Let me take her to Prince Majnun."
"Well," said Khuda, "you may do so; but tell her that she must not speak to Majnun if he is afraid of her when he sees her; and that if he is afraid when he sees her, she will become a little white dog the next day.
Then she must go to the palace, and she will only regain her human shape when Prince Majnun loves her, feeds her with his own food, and lets her sleep in his bed."

Was the sacred presence there?
He climbed the fence, threaded his stealthy way through the plants, till he stood under that window; he looked up at it long, and with emotion; then he laid him down on the ground under it, disposing himself upon his back, with his hands clasped upon his breast and holding his poor wilted flower.
And thus he would die out in the cold world, with no shelter over his homeless head, no friendly hand to wipe the death-damps from his brow, no loving face to bend pityingly over him when the great agony came.
And thus she would see him when she looked out upon the glad morning, and oh!
would she drop one little tear upon his poor, lifeless form, would she heave one little sigh to see a bright young life so rudely blighted, so untimely cut down?
The window went up, a maid-servant's discordant voice profaned the holy calm, and a deluge of water drenched the prone martyr's remains!
The strangling hero sprang up with a relieving snort.
There was a whiz as of a missile in the air, mingled with the murmur of a curse, a sound as of shivering glass followed, and a small, vague form went over the fence and shot away in the gloom.
Not long after, as Tom, all undressed for bed, was surveying his drenched garments by the light of a tallow dip, Sid woke up; but if he had any dim idea of making any “references to allusions,” he thought better of it and held his peace, for there was danger in Tom's eye.
Tom turned in without the added vexation of prayers, and Sid made mental note of the omission.
CHAPTER IV 
THE sun rose upon a tranquil world, and beamed down upon the peaceful village like a benediction.
Breakfast over, Aunt Polly had family worship: it began with a prayer built from the ground up of solid courses of Scriptural quotations, welded together with a thin mortar of originality; and from the summit of this she delivered a grim chapter of the Mosaic Law, as from Sinai.

Let me only say that it fared with him as with the storm-tossed ship, that miserably drives along the leeward land.
The port would fain give succor; the port is pitiful; in the port is safety, comfort, hearthstone, supper, warm blankets, friends, all that’s kind to our mortalities.
But in that gale, the port, the land, is that ship’s direst jeopardy; she must fly all hospitality; one touch of land, though it but graze the keel, would make her shudder through and through.
With all her might she crowds all sail off shore; in so doing, fights ’gainst the very winds that fain would blow her homeward; seeks all the lashed sea’s landlessness again; for refuge’s sake forlornly rushing into peril; her only friend her bitterest foe!
Know ye now, Bulkington?
Glimpses do ye seem to see of that mortally intolerable truth; that all deep, earnest thinking is but the intrepid effort of the soul to keep the open independence of her sea; while the wildest winds of heaven and earth conspire to cast her on the treacherous, slavish shore?
But as in landlessness alone resides highest truth, shoreless, indefinite as God—so, better is it to perish in that howling infinite, than be ingloriously dashed upon the lee, even if that were safety!
For worm-like, then, oh!
who would craven crawl to land!
Terrors of the terrible!
is all this agony so vain?
Take heart, take heart, O Bulkington!

'T is good to make all duty sweet,     To be alert and kind;   'T is good, like little Mabel,     To have a willing mind.
MARY HOWITT 
 
LLEWELLYN AND HIS DOG 
  The spearmen heard the bugle sound,     And cheer'ly smiled the morn;   And many a brach, and many a hound,     Attend Llewellyn's horn.
And still he blew a louder blast,     And gave a louder cheer;   "Come, Gelert!
why art thou the last     Llewellyn's horn to hear?
"Oh, where does faithful Gelert roam,     The flower of all his race?
So true, so brave a lamb at home,     A lion in the chase."
That day Llewellyn little loved     The chase of hart or hare,   And scant and small the booty proved,     For Gelert was not there.
Unpleased, Llewellyn homeward hied,     When, near the portal seat,   His truant Gelert he espied,     Bounding his lord to greet.
But when he gained the castle door,     Aghast the chieftain stood;   The hound was smeared with gouts of gore     His lips and fangs ran blood!
Llewellyn gazed with wild surprise;     Unused such looks to meet,   His fav'rite checked his joyful guise,     And crouched, and licked his feet.
Onward in haste Llewellyn passed     (And on went Gelert too),   And still, where'er his eyes were cast,     Fresh blood gouts shocked his view!
O'erturned his infant's bed he found,     The blood-stained cover rent;   And all around the walls and ground    With recent blood besprent.

We might have just gone and had one look at it, Ratty only one look it was close by but you wouldn’t turn back, Ratty, you wouldn’t turn back!
O dear, O dear!’
Recollection brought fresh waves of sorrow, and sobs again took full charge of him, preventing further speech.
The Rat stared straight in front of him, saying nothing, only patting Mole gently on the shoulder.
After a time he muttered gloomily, ‘I see it all now!
What a PIG I have been!
A pig that’s me!
Just a pig a plain pig!’
He waited till Mole’s sobs became gradually less stormy and more rhythmical; he waited till at last sniffs were frequent and sobs only intermittent.
Then he rose from his seat, and, remarking carelessly, ‘Well, now we’d really better be getting on, old chap!’ set off up the road again, over the toilsome way they had come.
‘Wherever are you (hic) going to (hic), Ratty?’ cried the tearful Mole, looking up in alarm.
‘We’re going to find that home of yours, old fellow,’ replied the Rat pleasantly; ‘so you had better come along, for it will take some finding, and we shall want your nose.’
‘Oh, come back, Ratty, do!’ cried the Mole, getting up and hurrying after him.
‘It’s no good, I tell you!
It’s too late, and too dark, and the place is too far off, and the snow’s coming!

III.
Tho' in the Paths of Death I tread,   With gloomy Horrors overspread,   My stedfast Heart shall fear no ill,   For thou, O Lord, art with me still;   Thy friendly Crook shall give me Aid,   And guide me thro' the dreadful Shade.
IV.
Tho' in a bare and rugged Way,   Thro' devious lonely Wilds I stray,   Thy Bounty shall my Pains beguile:
  The barren Wilderness shall smile,   With sudden Greens & herbage crown'd,   And Streams shall murmur all around.
Here ends the History of Little Two Shoes.
Those who would know how she behaved after she came to be Mrs. Margery Two-Shoes must read the Second Part of this Work, in which an Account of the Remainder of her Life, her Marriage, and Death are set forth at large, according to Act of Parliament.
The Renowned 
                               HISTORY 
                                  OF 
                       Mrs. MARGERY TWO-SHOES.
PART II.
INTRODUCTION.
In the first Part of this Work, the young Student has read, and I hope with Pleasure and Improvement, the History of this Lady, while she was known and distinguished by the Name of Little Two-Shoes; we are now come to a Period of her Life when that Name was discarded, and a more eminent one bestowed upon her, I mean I mean that of Mrs.
Margery Two-Shoes: For as she was now President of the A, B, C College, it became necessary to exalt her in Title as well as in Place.
No sooner was she settled in this Office, but she laid every possible Scheme to promote the Welfare and Happiness of all her Neighbours, and especially of the Little Ones, in whom she took great Delight, and all those whose Parents could not afford to pay for their Education, she taught for nothing, but the Pleasure she had in their Company, for you are to observe, that they were very good, or were soon made so by her good Management.
CHAP.

The dogs were not happier than their masters; even they had too much tart.
The spiteful tart looked in at all the windows.
Built upon a height, it commanded the town.
The mere sight of it made everybody ill, and its former admirers had nothing but curses for it now.
Unhappily, nothing they could say or do made it any smaller; still formidable, it was a frightful joke for those miserable mortals.
Most of them buried their heads in their pillows, drew their nightcaps over their eyes, and lay in bed all day to shut out the sight of it.
But this would not do; they knew, they felt it was there.
It was a nightmare, a horrible burden, a torturing anxiety.
In the midst of this terrible consternation the King remained inexorable during eight days.
His heart bled for his people, but the lesson must sink deep if it were to bear fruit in future.
When their pains were cured, little by little, through fasting alone, and his subjects pronounced these trembling words, "We are hungry!"
the King sent them trays laden with the inevitable tart.

Half the great Men in London, I am told, have made themselves by this Means, and who would but be honest and industrious, when it is so much our Interest and our Duty.
After some Years the Merchant died, and left Mr. Lovewell possessed of many fine Ships at Sea, and much Money, and he was happy in a Wife, who had brought him a Son and two Daughters, all dutiful and obedient.
The Treasures and good Things, however, of this Life are so uncertain, that a Man can never be happy, unless he lays the Foundation for it in his own Mind.
So true is that Copy in our Writing Books, which tells us, that a contented Mind is a continual Feast.
After some Years successful Trade, he thought his Circumstances sufficient to insure his own Ships, or, in other Words, to send his Ships and Goods to Sea without being insured by others, as is customary among Merchants; when, unfortunately for him, four of them richly laden were lost at Sea.
This he supported with becoming Resolution; but the next Mail brought him Advice, that nine others were taken by the French, with whom we were then at War; and this, together with the Failure of three foreign Merchants whom he had trusted, compleated his Ruin.
He was then obliged to call his Creditors together, who took his Effects, and being angry with him for the imprudent Step of not insuring his Ships, left him destitute of all Subsistence.
Nor did the Flatterers of his Fortune, those who had lived by his Bounty when in his Prosperity, pay the least Regard either to him or his Family.
So true is another Copy, that you will find in your Writing Book, which says, Misfortune tries our Friends.
All these Slights of his pretended Friends, and the ill Usage of his Creditors, both he and his Family bore with Christian Fortitude; but other Calamities fell upon him, which he felt more sensibly.
In his Distress, one of his Relations, who lived at Florence, offered to take his Son; and another, who lived at Barbadoes, sent for one of his Daughters.
The Ship which his Son sailed in was cast away, and all the Crew supposed to be lost; and the Ship, in which his Daughter went a Passenger, was taken by Pyrates, and one Post brought the miserable Father an Account of the Loss of his two Children.

I'll give up my place here at once, and attend to the flowers, if you like."
"You can put your own things on your own table, if you prefer," began May, feeling a little conscience-stricken, as she looked at the pretty racks, the painted shells, and quaint illuminations Amy had so carefully made and so gracefully arranged.
She meant it kindly, but Amy mistook her meaning, and said quickly...
"Oh, certainly, if they are in your way," and sweeping her contributions into her apron, pell-mell, she walked off, feeling that herself and her works of art had been insulted past forgiveness.
"Now she's mad.
Oh, dear, I wish I hadn't asked you to speak,  Mama,"
said May, looking disconsolately at the empty spaces on her table.
"Girls' quarrels are soon over," returned her mother, feeling a trifle ashamed of her own part in this one, as well she might.
The little girls hailed Amy and her treasures with delight, which cordial reception somewhat soothed her perturbed spirit, and she fell to work, determined to succeed florally, if she could not artistically.
But everything seemed against her.
It was late, and she was tired.
Everyone was too busy with their own affairs to help her, and the little girls were only hindrances, for the dears fussed and chattered like so many magpies, making a great deal of confusion in their artless efforts to preserve the most perfect order.
The evergreen arch wouldn't stay firm after she got it up, but wiggled and threatened to tumble down on her head when the hanging baskets were filled.
Her best tile got a splash of water, which left a sepia tear on the Cupid's cheek.

Give me that unselfish nature,     That with charity divine     Can pardon wrong for love's dear sake 
    Meek heart, forgive me mine!
Thus our parting daily loseth     Something of its bitter pain,     And while learning this hard lesson,     My great loss becomes my gain.
For the touch of grief will render     My wild nature more serene,     Give to life new aspirations,     A new trust in the unseen.
Henceforth, safe across the river,     I shall see forever more     A beloved, household spirit     Waiting for me on the shore.
Hope and faith, born of my sorrow,     Guardian angels shall become,     And the sister gone before me     By their hands shall lead me home.
Blurred and blotted, faulty and feeble as the lines were, they brought a look of inexpressible comfort to Beth's face, for her one regret had been that she had done so little, and this seemed to assure her that her life had not been useless, that her death would not bring the despair she feared.
As she sat with the paper folded between her hands, the charred log fell asunder.
Jo started up, revived the blaze, and crept to the bedside, hoping Beth slept.
"Not asleep, but so happy, dear.
See, I found this and read it.
I knew you wouldn't care.
Have I been all that to you, Jo?"

When he had climbed to the top of the mountain he saw two fiery griffins, but he passed between them without the least fear of danger, for they could not see him because of his invisible coat.
On the castle gate he found a golden trumpet, under which were written these lines:
  “Whoever can this trumpet blow   Shall cause the giant’s overthrow.”
As soon as Jack had read this he seized the trumpet and blew a shrill blast, which made the gates fly open and the very castle itself tremble.
The giant and the conjurer now knew that their wicked course was at an end, and they stood biting their thumbs and shaking with fear.
Jack, with his sword of sharpness, soon killed the giant, and the magician was then carried away by a whirlwind; and every knight and beautiful lady who had been changed into birds and beasts returned to their proper shapes.
The castle vanished away like smoke, and the head of the giant Galligantus was then sent to King Arthur.
The knights and ladies rested that night at the old man’s hermitage, and next day they set out for the Court.
Jack then went up to the King, and gave his Majesty an account of all his fierce battles.
Jack’s fame had now spread through the whole country, and at the King’s desire the duke gave him his daughter in marriage, to the joy of all his kingdom.
After this the King gave him a large estate, on which he and his lady lived the rest of their days in joy and contentment.
(1)
(1) Old Chapbook.
THE BLACK BULL OF NORROWAY 
     And many a hunting song they sung,        And song of game and glee;      Then tuned to plaintive strains their tongue,        “Of Scotland’s luve and lee.”
      To wilder measures next they turn        “The Black, Black Bull of Norroway!”
      Sudden the tapers cease to burn,        The minstrels cease to play.
“The Cout of Keeldar,” by J. Leyden.

"Yes, I am a prince, and my name is Dolor; will you tell me yours, madam?"
The little old woman laughed like a chime of silver bells.
"I have so many that I don't know which to choose.
It was I who gave you yours, and you will belong to me all your days.
I am your godmother."
"Hurrah!"
cried the little prince; "I am glad I belong to you, for I like you very much."
So they sat down and played and talked together.
"Are you very lonesome here?"
asked the little old woman.
"Not particularly, thank you, godmother.
I have my lessons to do, and my books to read."

Groups of ragged children covered the roadway.
It was these that had stamped the scene so indelibly on her memory.
She loved children, and these seemed so draggled and uncared-for.
Smith's words gave her an idea.
"Do you know Broster Street, Mr.
Smith?"
she asked.
"Down on the East Side?
Yes, I went there once to get a story, one red-hot night in August, when I was on the News.
The Ice Company had been putting up their prices, and trouble was expected down there.
I was sent to cover it."
He did not add that he had spent a week's salary that night, buying ice and distributing it among the denizens of Broster Street.

Go aside!” said Monsieur Gabelle.
“Lay hands on this stranger if he seeks to lodge in your village to-night, and be sure that his business is honest, Gabelle.”
“Monseigneur, I am flattered to devote myself to your orders.”
“Did he run away, fellow?
where is that Accursed?”
The accursed was already under the carriage with some half-dozen particular friends, pointing out the chain with his blue cap.
Some half-dozen other particular friends promptly hauled him out, and presented him breathless to Monsieur the Marquis.
“Did the man run away, Dolt, when we stopped for the drag?”
“Monseigneur, he precipitated himself over the hill-side, head first, as a person plunges into the river.”
“See to it, Gabelle.
Go on!”
The half-dozen who were peering at the chain were still among the wheels, like sheep; the wheels turned so suddenly that they were lucky to save their skins and bones; they had very little else to save, or they might not have been so fortunate.
The burst with which the carriage started out of the village and up the rise beyond, was soon checked by the steepness of the hill.
Gradually, it subsided to a foot pace, swinging and lumbering upward among the many sweet scents of a summer night.
The postilions, with a thousand gossamer gnats circling about them in lieu of the Furies, quietly mended the points to the lashes of their whips; the valet walked by the horses; the courier was audible, trotting on ahead into the dull distance.
At the steepest point of the hill there was a little burial-ground, with a Cross and a new large figure of Our Saviour on it; it was a poor figure in wood, done by some inexperienced rustic carver, but he had studied the figure from the life his own life, maybe for it was dreadfully spare and thin.
To this distressful emblem of a great distress that had long been growing worse, and was not at its worst, a woman was kneeling.
She turned her head as the carriage came up to her, rose quickly, and presented herself at the carriage-door.

Are we spending the evening properly?
Would it not be more sensible to put the house in order?
If each were in his own place, I would lead a game.
This would be quite another thing.'
"'Let us act a play,' said they all.
At the same moment the door opened and the maid came in.
Then not one stirred; they remained quite still, although there was not a single pot among them that had not a high opinion of himself and of what he could do if he chose.
"'Yes, if we had chosen,' each of them thought, 'we might have spent a very pleasant evening.'
"The maid took the matches and lighted them, and dear me, how they spluttered and blazed up!
"'Now then,' they thought, 'every one will see that we are the first.
How we shine!
What a light we give!'

They talked about the hero, long after he was gone.
"We will crown him with the loveliest of our garlands," said they, "when he returns hither with the three golden apples, after slaying the dragon with a hundred heads."
Meanwhile, Hercules traveled constantly onward, over hill and dale, and through the solitary woods.
Sometimes he swung his club aloft, and splintered a mighty oak with a downright blow.
His mind was so full of the giants and monsters with whom it was the business of his life to fight, that perhaps he mistook the great tree for a giant or a monster.
And so eager was Hercules to achieve what he had undertaken, that he almost regretted to have spent so much time with the damsels, wasting idle breath upon the story of his adventures.
But thus it always is with persons who are destined to perform great things.
What they have already done seems less than nothing.
What they have taken in hand to do seems worth toil, danger, and life itself.
Persons who happened to be passing through the forest must have been affrighted to see him smite the trees with his great club.
With but a single blow, the trunk was riven as by the stroke of lightning, and the broad boughs came rustling and crashing down.
Hastening forward, without ever pausing or looking behind, he by and by heard the sea roaring at a distance.

Who was he?”
“Your clemency, Monseigneur!
He was not of this part of the country.
Of all the days of my life, I never saw him.”
“Swinging by the chain?
To be suffocated?”
“With your gracious permission, that was the wonder of it, Monseigneur.
His head hanging over like this!”
He turned himself sideways to the carriage, and leaned back, with his face thrown up to the sky, and his head hanging down; then recovered himself, fumbled with his cap, and made a bow.
“What was he like?”
“Monseigneur, he was whiter than the miller.
All covered with dust, white as a spectre, tall as a spectre!”
The picture produced an immense sensation in the little crowd; but all eyes, without comparing notes with other eyes, looked at Monsieur the Marquis.
Perhaps, to observe whether he had any spectre on his conscience.
“Truly, you did well,” said the Marquis, felicitously sensible that such vermin were not to ruffle him, “to see a thief accompanying my carriage, and not open that great mouth of yours.
Bah!
Put him aside, Monsieur Gabelle!”
Monsieur Gabelle was the Postmaster, and some other taxing functionary united; he had come out with great obsequiousness to assist at this examination, and had held the examined by the drapery of his arm in an official manner.
“Bah!

Let us draw a veil over those hours of torture.
Mother Mitchel was in despair.
Those ministers who had not guessed the secret dared not open their lips.
All the city was one vast hospital.
No one was seen in the streets but doctors and apothecaries' boys, running from house to house in frantic haste.
It was dreadful!
Doctor Olibriers was nearly knocked out.
As for the King, he held his tongue and shut himself up in his palace, but a secret joy shone in his eyes, to the wonder of every one.
He waited three days without a word.
The third day, the King said to his ministers:
"Let us go now and see how my poor people are doing, and feel their pulse a little."
The good King went to every house, without forgetting a single one.
He visited small and great, rich and poor.

But now that each of them has had what he most desired, and each is happy in having a kingdom to rule besides, I think I should like to go back to Kansas."
"The Silver Shoes," said the Good Witch, "have wonderful powers.
And one of the most curious things about them is that they can carry you to any place in the world in three steps, and each step will be made in the wink of an eye.
All you have to do is to knock the heels together three times and command the shoes to carry you wherever you wish to go."
"If that is so," said the child joyfully, "I will ask them to carry me back to Kansas at once."
She threw her arms around the Lion's neck and kissed him, patting his big head tenderly.
Then she kissed the Tin Woodman, who was weeping in a way most dangerous to his joints.
But she hugged the soft, stuffed body of the Scarecrow in her arms instead of kissing his painted face, and found she was crying herself at this sorrowful parting from her loving comrades.
Glinda the Good stepped down from her ruby throne to give the little girl a good-bye kiss, and Dorothy thanked her for all the kindness she had shown to her friends and herself.
Dorothy now took Toto up solemnly in her arms, and having said one last good-bye she clapped the heels of her shoes together three times, saying:
"Take me home to Aunt Em!"
Instantly she was whirling through the air, so swiftly that all she could see or feel was the wind whistling past her ears.
The Silver Shoes took but three steps, and then she stopped so suddenly that she rolled over upon the grass several times before she knew where she was.

hope to wrest this old man’s living power from his own living hands?
Only a fool would try it.
Say he were pinioned even; knotted all over with ropes and hawsers; chained down to ring-bolts on this cabin floor; he would be more hideous than a caged tiger, then.
I could not endure the sight; could not possibly fly his howlings; all comfort, sleep itself, inestimable reason would leave me on the long intolerable voyage.
What, then, remains?
The land is hundreds of leagues away, and locked Japan the nearest.
I stand alone here upon an open sea, with two oceans and a whole continent between me and law.—Aye, aye, ’tis so.—Is heaven a murderer when its lightning strikes a would-be murderer in his bed, tindering sheets and skin together?—And would I be a murderer, then, if”—and slowly, stealthily, and half sideways looking, he placed the loaded musket’s end against the door.
“On this level, Ahab’s hammock swings within; his head this way.
A touch, and Starbuck may survive to hug his wife and child again.—Oh Mary!
Mary!—boy!
boy!
boy!—But if I wake thee not to death, old man, who can tell to what unsounded deeps Starbuck’s body this day week may sink, with all the crew!

A certain practical element was apt, perhaps, to color Mr. Scobell's half-hours with nature.
The sight of the steamboat leaving the harbor on its journey to Marseilles gave him another idea.
Now that Mervo was a going concern, a real live proposition, it was high time that it should have an adequate service of boats.
The present system of one a day was absurd.
He made a note to look into the matter.
These people wanted waking up.
Arriving at the Palace, he was informed that His Highness had gone out shortly after breakfast, and had not returned.
The majordomo gave the information with a tinkle of disapproval in his voice.
Before taking up his duties at Mervo, he had held a similar position in the household of a German prince, where rigid ceremonial obtained, and John's cheerful disregard of the formalities frankly shocked him.
To take the present case for instance: When His Highness of Swartzheim had felt inclined to enjoy the air of a morning, it had been a domestic event full of stir and pomp.
He had not merely crammed a soft hat over his eyes and strolled out with his hands in his pockets, but without a word to his household staff as to where he was going or when he might be expected to return.
Mr. Scobell received the news equably, and directed his chauffeur to return to the villa.

noble sir,” said the Queen in great distress, “do not refuse her.
She is the most charming Princess in the world.”
“Oh!
well,” he replied, “out of charity I will take her; but be sure and don’t forget that she is mine.”
As he spoke a little door opened in the trunk of the orange tree, in rushed the Queen, only just in time, and the door shut with a bang in the faces of the lions.
The Queen was so confused that at first she did not notice another little door in the orange tree, but presently it opened and she found herself in a field of thistles and nettles.
It was encircled by a muddy ditch, and a little further on was a tiny thatched cottage, out of which came the Yellow Dwarf with a very jaunty air.
He wore wooden shoes and a little yellow coat, and as he had no hair and very long ears he looked altogether a shocking little object.
“I am delighted,” said he to the Queen, “that, as you are to be my mother-in-law, you should see the little house in which your Bellissima will live with me.
With these thistles and nettles she can feed a donkey which she can ride whenever she likes; under this humble roof no weather can hurt her; she will drink the water of this brook and eat frogs which grow very fat about here; and then she will have me always with her, handsome, agreeable, and gay as you see me now.
For if her shadow stays by her more closely than I do I shall be surprised.”
The unhappy Queen, seeing all at once what a miserable life her daughter would have with this Dwarf could not bear the idea, and fell down insensible without saying a word.
When she revived she found to her great surprise that she was lying in her own bed at home, and, what was more, that she had on the loveliest lace night cap that she had ever seen in her life.
At first she thought that all her adventures, the terrible lions, and her promise to the Yellow Dwarf that he should marry Bellissima, must have been a dream, but there was the new cap with its beautiful ribbon and lace to remind her that it was all true, which made her so unhappy that she could neither eat, drink, nor sleep for thinking of it.
The Princess, who, in spite of her wilfulness, really loved her mother with all her heart, was much grieved when she saw her looking so sad, and often asked her what was the matter; but the Queen, who didn’t want her to find out the truth, only said that she was ill, or that one of her neighbors was threatening to make war against her.

First of all he had to try if he was able to swing the troll's sword, which lay on the table; it was much larger and heavier than the first one; he was hardly able to move it.
He then took three draughts from the horn and he could then lift it, and when he had taken three more he could handle it as if it were a rolling pin.
Shortly afterwards he heard a heavy, rumbling noise that was quite terrible, and directly afterwards a troll with six heads came in.
"Ugh, ugh!"
he said as soon as he got his noses inside the door.
"I smell Christian blood and bone in my house."
"Yes, just think!
A raven came flying past here with a thigh-bone, which he dropped down the chimney," said the Princess.
"I threw it out, but the raven brought it back again.
At last I got rid of it and made haste to clean the room, but I suppose the smell is not quite gone," she said.
"No, I can smell it well," said the troll; but he was tired and put his heads in the Princess's lap, and she went on scratching them till they all fell a-snoring.
Then she called the hens, and the soldier came and cut off all the six heads as if they were set on cabbage stalks.

"Do you know what I touch here?"
she said, laying her hands, one upon the other, on her left side.
"Yes, ma'am; your heart."
"Broken!"
She was silent for a little while, and then added, "I am tired; I want diversion.
Play, play, play!"
What was an unfortunate boy to do?
I didn't know how to play.
"Call Estella," said the lady.
"Call Estella, at the door."
It was a dreadful thing to be bawling "Estella" to a scornful young lady in a mysterious passage in an unknown house, but I had to do it.
And Estella came, and I heard her say, in answer to Miss Havisham, "Play with this boy!

"Oh, he was a very ill-favored fellow, sir," replied Robin, "with two great bumps on his forehead, a hook nose, fiery eyes; and, what struck me as the strangest, his face was of two different colors.
Do you happen to know such a man, sir?"
"Not intimately," answered the stranger, "but I chanced to meet him a little time previous to your stopping me.
I believe you may trust his word, and that the Major will very shortly pass through this street.
In the mean time, as I have a singular curiosity to witness your meeting, I will sit down here upon the steps and bear you company."
He seated himself accordingly, and soon engaged his companion in animated discourse.
It was but of brief continuance, however, for a noise of shouting, which had long been remotely audible, drew so much nearer that Robin inquired its cause.
"What may be the meaning of this uproar?"
asked he.
"Truly, if your town be always as noisy, I shall find little sleep while I am an inhabitant."
"Why, indeed, friend Robin, there do appear to be three or four riotous fellows abroad to-night," replied the gentleman.
"You must not expect all the stillness of your native woods here in our streets.

I hem!
these gentlemen are not listening.
Prince, I will just read over an article I have here.
Supper is more interesting, of course, but ”
Here Hippolyte suddenly, and most unexpectedly, pulled out of his breast-pocket a large sealed paper.
This imposing-looking document he placed upon the table before him.
The effect of this sudden action upon the company was instantaneous.
Evgenie Pavlovitch almost bounded off his chair in excitement.
Rogojin drew nearer to the table with a look on his face as if he knew what was coming.
Gania came nearer too; so did Lebedeff and the others the paper seemed to be an object of great interest to the company in general.
“What have you got there?” asked the prince, with some anxiety.
“At the first glimpse of the rising sun, prince, I will go to bed.
I told you I would, word of honour!

The pilgrim called to her across the bamboo fence and said:
"O Baa San (old woman), good evening!
I am a traveler!
Please excuse me, but I have lost my way and do not know what to do, for I have nowhere to rest to-night.
I beg you to be good enough to let me spend the night under your roof."
The old woman as soon as she heard herself spoken to stopped spinning, rose from her seat and approached the intruder.
"I am very sorry for you.
You must indeed be distressed to have lost your way in such a lonely spot so late at night.
Unfortunately I cannot put you up, for I have no bed to offer you, and no accommodation whatsoever for a guest in this poor place!"
"Oh, that does not matter," said the priest; "all I want is a shelter under some roof for the night, and if you will be good enough just to let me lie on the kitchen floor I shall be grateful.
I am too tired to walk further to-night, so I hope you will not refuse me, otherwise I shall have to sleep out on the cold plain."
And in this way he pressed the old woman to let him stay.
She seemed very reluctant, but at last she said:
"Very well, I will let you stay here.

The door opened, and the child herself appeared, followed by an elderly man so low in stature as to be quite a dwarf, though his head and face were large enough for the body of a giant.
Mr. Swiveller turned to the dwarf and, stooping down, whispered audibly in his ear.
"The watchword to the old min is fork."
"Is what?"
demanded Quilp, for that Daniel Quilp was the dwarf's name.
"Is fork, sir, fork," replied Mr. Swiveller, slapping his pocket.
"You are awake, sir?"
The dwarf nodded; the grandson, having announced his intention of repeating his visit, left the house accompanied by his friend.
"So much for dear relations," said Quilp, with a sour look.
He put his hand into his breast, and pulled out a bag.
"Here, I brought it myself, as, being in gold, it was too large and heavy for Nell to carry.
I would I knew in what good investment all these supplies are sunk.

My spectacles regulated my ambition, and I early learned that there were better gods than Plutus.
The glasses have lost much of their fascination now, and I do not often use them.
Sometimes the desire is irresistible.
Whenever I am greatly interested, I am compelled to take them out and see what it is that I admire.
"And yet and yet," said Titbottom, after a pause, "I am not sure that I thank my grandfather."
Prue had long since laid away her work, and had heard every word of the story.
I saw that the dear woman had yet one question to ask, and had been earnestly hoping to hear something that would spare her the necessity of asking.
But Titbottom had resumed his usual tone, after the momentary excitement, and made no further allusion to himself.
We all sat silently; Titbottom's eyes fastened musingly upon the carpet:
Prue looking wistfully at him, and I regarding both.
It was past midnight, and our guest arose to go.
He shook hands quietly, made his grave Spanish bow to Prue, and taking his hat, went towards the front door.
Prue and I accompanied him.

and, shaking her head, she rolled herself up and went to sleep.
After that nobody else asked the cat to stand godfather; but the winter had arrived, and nothing more was to be picked up out of doors; so the mouse bethought herself of their store of provision, and said, "Come, friend cat, we will go to our grease-pot which we laid by; it will taste well now."
"Yes, indeed," replied the cat; "it will taste as well as if you stroked your tongue against the window."
So they set out on their journey, and when they arrived at the church the pot stood in its old place but it was empty!
"Ah," said the mouse, "I see what has happened; now I know you are indeed a faithful friend.
You have eaten the whole as you stood godfather; first Top-off, then Half-out, then "
"Will you be quiet?"
cried the cat.
"Not a word, or I'll eat you."
But the poor mouse had "All-out" at her tongue's end, and had scarcely uttered it when the cat made a spring, seized her in his mouth, and swallowed her.
This happens every day in the world.
THE SWEET SOUP 
Once on a time there was a poor but very good little girl, who lived alone with her mother, and when my story begins, they had nothing in the house to eat.
So the child went out into the forest, and there she met an old woman, who already knew her distress, and who presented her with a pot which had the following power.

I used to go under the stove and lie down.
Ah, I still dream of that stove.
Away, away!"
"Does a stove look beautiful?"
asked the Snow Man.
"Is it at all like me?"
"It is just the opposite of you," said the dog.
"It's as black as a crow and has a long neck and a brass knob; it eats firewood, and that makes fire spurt out of its mouth.
One has to keep on one side or under it, to be comfortable.
You can see it through the window from where you stand."
Then the Snow Man looked, and saw a bright polished thing with a brass knob, and fire gleaming from the lower part of it.
The sight of this gave the Snow Man a strange sensation; it was very odd, he knew not what it meant, and he could not account for it.

But I see that the enemy’s preparations have gone so far that we cannot risk the presence of a light.
And, first of all, we must choose our positions.
These are daring men, and though we shall take them at a disadvantage, they may do us some harm unless we are careful.
I shall stand behind this crate, and do you conceal yourselves behind those.
Then, when I flash a light upon them, close in swiftly.
If they fire, Watson, have no compunction about shooting them down.”
I placed my revolver, cocked, upon the top of the wooden case behind which I crouched.
Holmes shot the slide across the front of his lantern and left us in pitch darkness—such an absolute darkness as I have never before experienced.
The smell of hot metal remained to assure us that the light was still there, ready to flash out at a moment’s notice.
To me, with my nerves worked up to a pitch of expectancy, there was something depressing and subduing in the sudden gloom, and in the cold dank air of the vault.
“They have but one retreat,” whispered Holmes.
“That is back through the house into Saxe-Coburg Square.
I hope that you have done what I asked you, Jones?”
“I have an inspector and two officers waiting at the front door.”
“Then we have stopped all the holes.

But she did; for those magic shoes danced her off, and landed her at her desk in five minutes.
"Well, I'm not late; that's one comfort," she thought, wishing she had come pleasantly, and not been whisked away without any luncheon.
Her legs were so tired with the long skips that she was glad to sit still; and that pleased the teacher, for generally she was fussing about all lesson time.
But at recess she got into trouble again; for one of the children knocked down the house of corn-cobs she had built, and made her angry.
"Now, I'll kick yours down, and see how you like it, Dolly."
Up went her foot, but it didn't come down; it stayed in the air, and there she stood looking as if she were going to dance.
The children laughed to see her, and she could do nothing till she said to Dolly in a great hurry, 
"Never mind; if you didn't mean to, I'll forgive you."
Then the foot went down, and Kitty felt so glad about it that she tried to be pleasant, fearing some new caper of those dreadful shoes.
She began to see how they worked, and thought she would try if she had any power over them.
So, when one of the children wanted his ball, which had bounced over the hedge, she said kindly, "Perhaps I can get it for you, Willy."
And over she jumped as lightly as if she too were an india-rubber ball.
"How could you do it?"

I bought this estate, which chanced to be in the market, and I set myself to do a little good with my money, to make up for the way in which I had earned it.
I married, too, and though my wife died young she left me my dear little Alice.
Even when she was just a baby her wee hand seemed to lead me down the right path as nothing else had ever done.
In a word, I turned over a new leaf and did my best to make up for the past.
All was going well when McCarthy laid his grip upon me.
“I had gone up to town about an investment, and I met him in Regent Street with hardly a coat to his back or a boot to his foot.
“‘Here we are, Jack,’ says he, touching me on the arm; ‘we’ll be as good as a family to you.
There’s two of us, me and my son, and you can have the keeping of us.
If you don’t—it’s a fine, law-abiding country is England, and there’s always a policeman within hail.’
“Well, down they came to the west country, there was no shaking them off, and there they have lived rent free on my best land ever since.
There was no rest for me, no peace, no forgetfulness; turn where I would, there was his cunning, grinning face at my elbow.
It grew worse as Alice grew up, for he soon saw I was more afraid of her knowing my past than of the police.
Whatever he wanted he must have, and whatever it was I gave him without question, land, money, houses, until at last he asked a thing which I could not give.

Only tell me, where is she now?
At his house?
With him?”
“Oh no!
Certainly not!
‘I am free,’ she says; you know how she insists on that point.
‘I am entirely free.’ She repeats it over and over again.
She is living in Petersburgskaia, with my sister-in-law, as I told you in my letter.”
“She is there at this moment?”
“Yes, unless she has gone to Pavlofsk: the fine weather may have tempted her, perhaps, into the country, with Daria Alexeyevna.
‘I am quite free,’ she says.
Only yesterday she boasted of her freedom to Nicolai Ardalionovitch a bad sign,” added Lebedeff, smiling.
“Colia goes to see her often, does he not?”
“He is a strange boy, thoughtless, and inclined to be indiscreet.”
“Is it long since you saw her?”
“I go to see her every day, every day.”
“Then you were there yesterday?”
“N-no: I have not been these three last days.”
“It is a pity you have taken too much wine, Lebedeff I want to ask you something... but...”
“All right!
all right!
I am not drunk,” replied the clerk, preparing to listen.

The prince stopped.
“How?” he said.
“What do you mean?
I was half joking, and you took me up quite seriously!
Why do you ask me whether I believe in God?”
“Oh, no particular reason.
I meant to ask you before many people are unbelievers nowadays, especially Russians, I have been told.
You ought to know you’ve lived abroad.”
Rogojin laughed bitterly as he said these words, and opening the door, held it for the prince to pass out.
Muishkin looked surprised, but went out.
The other followed him as far as the landing of the outer stairs, and shut the door behind him.
They both now stood facing one another, as though oblivious of where they were, or what they had to do next.
“Well, good-bye!” said the prince, holding out his hand.
“Good-bye,” said Rogojin, pressing it hard, but quite mechanically.

"I wish I dared to go and kiss her for this splendid party," said a lame child, leaning on her crutch, as she stood near the steps, wondering how it seemed to sit in a mother's lap, as Effie was doing, while she watched the happy scene before her.
Effie heard her, and remembering Tiny Tim, ran down and put her arms about the pale child, kissing the wistful face, as she said sweetly, "You may; but mamma deserves the thanks.
She did it all; I only dreamed about it."
Lame Katy felt as if "a truly angel" was embracing her, and could only stammer out her thanks, while the other children ran to see the pretty spirit, and touch her soft dress, until she stood in a crowd of blue gowns laughing as they held up their gifts for her to see and admire.
Mamma leaned down and whispered one word to the older girls; and suddenly they all took hands to dance round Effie, singing as they skipped.
It was a pretty sight, and the ladies found it hard to break up the happy revel; but it was late for small people, and too much fun is a mistake.
So the girls fell into line, and marched before Effie and mamma again, to say goodnight with such grateful little faces that the eyes of those who looked grew dim with tears.
Mamma kissed every one; and many a hungry childish heart felt as if the touch of those tender lips was their best gift.
Effie shook so many small hands that her own tingled; and when Katy came she pressed a small doll into Effie's hand, whispering, "You didn't have a single present, and we had lots.
Do keep that; it's the prettiest thing I got."
"I will," answered Effie, and held it fast until the last smiling face was gone, the surprise all over, and she safe in her own bed, too tired and happy for anything but sleep.
"Mamma, it was a beautiful surprise, and I thank you so much!

Let well alone.
Proverb.
How much real comfort every one might enjoy if he would be contented with the lot in which heaven has cast him, and how much trouble would be avoided if people would only "let well alone."
A moderate independence, quietly and honestly procured, is certainly every way preferable even to immense possessions achieved by the wear and tear of mind and body so necessary to procure them.
Yet there are very few individuals, let them be doing ever so well in the world, who are not always straining every nerve to do better; and this is one of the many causes why failures in business so frequently occur among us.
The present generation seem unwilling to "realize" by slow and sure degrees; but choose rather to set their whole hopes upon a single cast, which either makes or mars them forever!
Gentle reader, do you remember Monsieur Poopoo?
He used to keep a small toy-store in Chatham, near the corner of Pearl Street.
You must recollect him, of course.
He lived there for many years, and was one of the most polite and accommodating of shopkeepers.
When a juvenile, you have bought tops and marbles of him a thousand times.
To be sure you have; and seen his vinegar-visage lighted up with a smile as you flung him the coppers; and you have laughed at his little straight queue and his dimity breeches, and all the other oddities that made up the every-day apparel of my little Frenchman.

“Baloo, art thou hurt?
“I am not sure that they did not pull me into a hundred little bearlings,” said Baloo, gravely shaking one leg after the other.
“Wow!
I am sore.
Kaa, we owe thee, I think, our lives Bagheera and I.”
“No matter.
Where is the manling?”
“Here, in a trap.
I cannot climb out,” cried Mowgli.
The curve of the broken dome was above his head.
“Take him away.
He dances like Mao the Peacock.
He will crush our young,” said the cobras inside.
“Hah!” said Kaa with a chuckle, “he has friends everywhere, this manling.

In that case, Miss Stoper, I had best inspect a few more of your young ladies.’
“The manageress had sat all this while busy with her papers without a word to either of us, but she glanced at me now with so much annoyance upon her face that I could not help suspecting that she had lost a handsome commission through my refusal.
“‘Do you desire your name to be kept upon the books?’ she asked.
“‘If you please, Miss Stoper.’
“‘Well, really, it seems rather useless, since you refuse the most excellent offers in this fashion,’ said she sharply.
‘You can hardly expect us to exert ourselves to find another such opening for you.
Good-day to you, Miss Hunter.’ She struck a gong upon the table, and I was shown out by the page.
“Well, Mr. Holmes, when I got back to my lodgings and found little enough in the cupboard, and two or three bills upon the table, I began to ask myself whether I had not done a very foolish thing.
After all, if these people had strange fads and expected obedience on the most extraordinary matters, they were at least ready to pay for their eccentricity.
Very few governesses in England are getting £ 100 a year.
Besides, what use was my hair to me?
Many people are improved by wearing it short and perhaps I should be among the number.
Next day I was inclined to think that I had made a mistake, and by the day after I was sure of it.
I had almost overcome my pride so far as to go back to the agency and inquire whether the place was still open when I received this letter from the gentleman himself.

The figure that remained in her memory was of a pale-eyed, grenadier-like old lady, almost entirely surrounded by clocks.
It was these clocks that had impressed her most.
She was too young to be awed by the knowledge that the tall old woman who stared at her just like a sandy cat she had once possessed was one of the three richest women in the whole wide world.
She only remembered thinking that the finger which emerged from the plaid shawl and prodded her cheek was unpleasantly bony.
But the clocks had absorbed her.
It was as if all the clocks in the world had been gathered together into that one room.
There had been big clocks, with almost human faces; small, perky clocks; clocks of strange shape; and one dingy, medium-sized clock in particular which had made her cry out with delight.
Her visit had chanced to begin shortly before eleven in the morning, and she had not been in the room ten minutes before there was a whirring, and the majority of the clocks began to announce the hour, each after its own fashion some with a slow bloom, some with a rapid, bell-like sound.
But the medium-sized clock, unexpectedly belying its appearance of being nothing of particular importance, had performed its task in a way quite distinct from the others.
It had suddenly produced from its interior a shabby little gold man with a trumpet, who had blown eleven little blasts before sliding backward into his house and shutting the door after him.
Betty had waited in rapt silence till he finished, and had then shouted eagerly for more.
Just as the beginner at golf may effect a drive surpassing that of the expert, so may a child unconsciously eclipse the practised courtier.

“I am going to tell you.
The door-keeper will pass the note to Mr.
Lorry, and do you make any gesture that will attract Mr. Lorry's attention, and show him where you stand.
Then what you have to do, is, to remain there until he wants you.”
“Is that all, sir?”
“That's all.
He wishes to have a messenger at hand.
This is to tell him you are there.”
As the ancient clerk deliberately folded and superscribed the note, Mr. Cruncher, after surveying him in silence until he came to the blotting-paper stage, remarked:
“I suppose they'll be trying Forgeries this morning?”
“Treason!”
“That's quartering,” said Jerry.
“Barbarous!”
“It is the law,” remarked the ancient clerk, turning his surprised spectacles upon him.
“It is the law.”
“It's hard in the law to spile a man, I think.
It's hard enough to kill him, but it's wery hard to spile him, sir.”
“Not at all,” retained the ancient clerk.
“Speak well of the law.
Take care of your chest and voice, my good friend, and leave the law to take care of itself.
I give you that advice.”
“It's the damp, sir, what settles on my chest and voice,” said Jerry.
“I leave you to judge what a damp way of earning a living mine is.”
“Well, well,” said the old clerk; “we all have our various ways of gaining a livelihood.

"No, no," answered the big demon.
"You must come often and dance for us.
Your skill has given us much pleasure."
The old man thanked him again and promised to do so.
"Then will you come again to-morrow, old man?"
asked the demon.
"Certainly, I will," answered the old man.
"Then you must leave some pledge of your word with us," said the demon.
"Whatever you like," said the old man.
"Now what is the best thing he can leave with us as a pledge?"
asked the demon, looking round.
Then said one of the demon's attendants kneeling behind the chief:
"The token he leaves with us must be the most important thing to him in his possession.

Still, no sign of mutiny reappeared among the rest.
On the contrary, it seemed, that mainly at Steelkilt’s instigation, they had resolved to maintain the strictest peacefulness, obey all orders to the last, and, when the ship reached port, desert her in a body.
But in order to insure the speediest end to the voyage, they all agreed to another thing—namely, not to sing out for whales, in case any should be discovered.
For, spite of her leak, and spite of all her other perils, the Town-Ho still maintained her mast-heads, and her captain was just as willing to lower for a fish that moment, as on the day his craft first struck the cruising ground; and Radney the mate was quite as ready to change his berth for a boat, and with his bandaged mouth seek to gag in death the vital jaw of the whale.
“But though the Lakeman had induced the seamen to adopt this sort of passiveness in their conduct, he kept his own counsel (at least till all was over) concerning his own proper and private revenge upon the man who had stung him in the ventricles of his heart.
He was in Radney the chief mate’s watch; and as if the infatuated man sought to run more than half way to meet his doom, after the scene at the rigging, he insisted, against the express counsel of the captain, upon resuming the head of his watch at night.
Upon this, and one or two other circumstances, Steelkilt systematically built the plan of his revenge.
“During the night, Radney had an unseamanlike way of sitting on the bulwarks of the quarter-deck, and leaning his arm upon the gunwale of the boat which was hoisted up there, a little above the ship’s side.
In this attitude, it was well known, he sometimes dozed.
There was a considerable vacancy between the boat and the ship, and down between this was the sea.
Steelkilt calculated his time, and found that his next trick at the helm would come round at two o’clock, in the morning of the third day from that in which he had been betrayed.
At his leisure, he employed the interval in braiding something very carefully in his watches below.

“Someone has died,” answered the boy officer.
“You did not say it had broken out among your servants.”
“I did not know!” the Mem Sahib cried.
“Come with me!
Come with me!”
and she turned and ran into the house.
After that appalling things happened, and the mysteriousness of the morning was explained to Mary.
The cholera had broken out in its most fatal form and people were dying like flies.
The Ayah had been taken ill in the night, and it was because she had just died that the servants had wailed in the huts.
Before the next day three other servants were dead and others had run away in terror.
There was panic on every side, and dying people in all the bungalows.
During the confusion and bewilderment of the second day Mary hid herself in the nursery and was forgotten by everyone.
Nobody thought of her, nobody wanted her, and strange things happened of which she knew nothing.
Mary alternately cried and slept through the hours.

"I've got it!
I've got it!
the new idea.
A splendid one, if I can only carry it out!"
And mamma waltzed the little girl round till her curls flew wildly in the air, while Nursey laughed as if she would die.
"Tell me!
tell me!"
shrieked Effie.
"No, no; it is a surprise, a grand surprise for Christmas day!"
sung mamma, evidently charmed with her happy thought.
"Now, come to breakfast; for we must work like bees if we want to play spirits tomorrow.
You and Nursey will go out shopping, and get heaps of things, while I arrange matters behind the scenes."

And around her they placed their shields, and they cleft a way through the Hedge of Spears and came safely to the plain beyond.
But when the Wise Man saw that his magic availed nought, he laid upon the land yet another enchantment, for the plain upon which Deirdre stood with the sons of Usna, he caused to be covered with tempestuous water.
And the magic sea rose higher and yet more high, so that Nathos raised Deirdre on his shoulder, and there she rested, her white arms around the hero's neck.
But now the waters grew calm, and it was seen that drowning was not their doom.
Then, as the waters withdrew from the plain, soldiers came to bind Nathos, Ailne, and Ardan, and to take them before the King.
And Concobar commanded that they should be slain before his eyes.
'If such be our doom, then slay me first,' said Ardan, 'for I am the youngest of Usna's sons.'
'Nay,' said Ailne, 'but let the first blow fall upon me.'
Then Nathos spake: 'It were not meet that we three, the sons of one mother, should be divided in death.
Together have we sowed the seeds in the springtime, side by side have we plucked the fruits of summer; autumn is still afar, yet must we be cut down as ripe corn.
But let us fall each by each, that there may not be left the one to mourn the other.
With this sword that was given me by a hero of the land may our heads at one stroke be severed from our bodies.'

It was up to him to do what was wanted.
Say, Prince, I want to talk to you about that guy, Parker.
I understand he's been rather rough with you and your crowd.
That wasn't my doing.
I didn't know anything about it till he told me.
It's the darned Wild West strain in him coming out.
He used to do those sort of things out there, and he's forgotten his manners.
I pay him well, and I guess he thinks that's the way it's up to him to earn it.
You mustn't mind Parker."
"Oh, well!
So long as he means well !"
said John.

She had never thought of the hunchback’s being married and she was a trifle surprised.
Mrs. Medlock saw this, and as she was a talkative woman she continued with more interest.
This was one way of passing some of the time, at any rate.
“She was a sweet, pretty thing and he’d have walked the world over to get her a blade o’ grass she wanted.
Nobody thought she’d marry him, but she did, and people said she married him for his money.
But she didn’t—she didn’t,” positively.
“When she died—”
Mary gave a little involuntary jump.
“Oh!
did she die!” she exclaimed, quite without meaning to.
She had just remembered a French fairy story she had once read called “Riquet à la Houppe.” It had been about a poor hunchback and a beautiful princess and it had made her suddenly sorry for Mr. Archibald Craven.
“Yes, she died,” Mrs. Medlock answered.
“And it made him queerer than ever.

He was fond of the red flowers and the blue sky; and when the rest of the Indians went out to hunt in waistcloths of skin he put on his fringed leggings all heavy with blue beads, and painted red rings and stripes on his face, till he was as gay as the earth and the sky himself.
High-feather was his name, and he always wore a red swan's feather on his head.
One day, when High-feather was out with his bow and arrows, he came on a little beaten trail that he had never seen before, and he followed it but he found that it went round and round and brought him back to where he had started.
It came from nowhere, and it went to nowhere.
"What sort of animal has made this?"
he said.
And he lay down in the middle of the ring to think, looking up into the blue sky.
While he lay thinking, he saw a little speck up above him in the sky, and thought it was an eagle.
But the speck grew bigger, and sank down and down, till he saw it was a great basket coming down out of the sky.
He jumped up and ran back to a little hollow and lay down to hide in a patch of tall red flowers.
Then he peeped out and saw the basket come down to the earth and rest on the grass in the middle of the ring.
Twelve beautiful maidens were leaning over the edge of the basket.

I don’t know exactly what’s the matter with him; but he keeps close inside the house; a sort of sick, and yet he don’t look so.
In fact, he ain’t sick; but no, he isn’t well either.
Any how, young man, he won’t always see me, so I don’t suppose he will thee.
He’s a queer man, Captain Ahab—so some think—but a good one.
Oh, thou’lt like him well enough; no fear, no fear.
He’s a grand, ungodly, god-like man, Captain Ahab; doesn’t speak much; but, when he does speak, then you may well listen.
Mark ye, be forewarned; Ahab’s above the common; Ahab’s been in colleges, as well as ’mong the cannibals; been used to deeper wonders than the waves; fixed his fiery lance in mightier, stranger foes than whales.
His lance!
aye, the keenest and the surest that out of all our isle!
Oh!
he ain’t Captain Bildad; no, and he ain’t Captain Peleg; he’s Ahab, boy; and Ahab of old, thou knowest, was a crowned king!”
“And a very vile one.
When that wicked king was slain, the dogs, did they not lick his blood?”
“Come hither to me—hither, hither,” said Peleg, with a significance in his eye that almost startled me.

I'll comfort Meg while you go and get Laurie.
I shall sift the matter to the bottom, and put a stop to such pranks at once."
Away ran Jo, and Mrs. March gently told Meg Mr. Brooke's real feelings.
"Now, dear, what are your own?
Do you love him enough to wait till he can make a home for you, or will you keep yourself quite free for the present?"
"I've been so scared and worried, I don't want to have anything to do with lovers for a long while, perhaps never," answered Meg petulantly.
"If John doesn't know anything about this nonsense, don't tell him, and make Jo and Laurie hold their tongues.
I won't be deceived and plagued and made a fool of.
It's a shame!"
Seeing Meg's usually gentle temper was roused and her pride hurt by this mischievous joke, Mrs. March soothed her by promises of entire silence and great discretion for the future.
The instant Laurie's step was heard in the hall, Meg fled into the study, and Mrs. March received the culprit alone.
Jo had not told him why he was wanted, fearing he wouldn't come, but he knew the minute he saw Mrs. March's face, and stood twirling his hat with a guilty air which convicted him at once.

So she promised to have him, and he sat down on the bench by her to arrange about it, but suddenly she said that she had forgotten to lock the door of the porch that night, and must do it.
“Why should you do that?” said the attorney; “sit still, I will do it.”
So he was on his feet in a moment, and out in the porch.
“Tell me when you have got hold of the door-latch,” said the Master-maid.
“I have hold of it now,” cried the attorney.
“Then you may hold the door, and the door you, and may you go between wall and wall till day dawns.”
What a dance the attorney had that night!
He had never had such a waltz before, and he never wished to have such a dance again.
Sometimes he was in front of the door, and sometimes the door was in front of him, and it went from one side of the porch to the other, till the attorney was well-nigh beaten to death.
At first he began to abuse the Master-maid, and then to beg and pray, but the door did not care for anything but keeping him where he was till break of day.
As soon as the door let go its hold of him, off went the attorney.
He forgot who ought to be paid off for what he had suffered, he forgot both his sack of money and his wooing, for he was so afraid lest the house-door should come dancing after him.
Everyone who met him stared and looked after him, for he was flying like a madman, and he could not have looked worse if a herd of rams had been butting at him all night long.
On the third day the bailiff came by, and he too saw the gold house in the little wood, and he too felt that he must go and see who lived there; and when he caught sight of the Master-maid he became so much in love with her that he wooed her almost before he greeted her.

Sara nodded.
"You haven't time to hear it now, I'm afraid," she said; "but if you will tell me just what time you come to do my rooms, I will try to be here and tell you a bit of it every day until it is finished.
It's a lovely long one and I'm always putting new bits to it."
"Then," breathed Becky, devoutly, "I wouldn't mind HOW heavy the coal boxes was or WHAT the cook done to me, if if I might have that to think of."
"You may," said Sara.
"I'll tell it ALL to you."
When Becky went downstairs, she was not the same Becky who had staggered up, loaded down by the weight of the coal scuttle.
She had an extra piece of cake in her pocket, and she had been fed and warmed, but not only by cake and fire.
Something else had warmed and fed her, and the something else was Sara.
When she was gone Sara sat on her favorite perch on the end of her table.
Her feet were on a chair, her elbows on her knees, and her chin in her hands.
"If I WAS a princess a REAL princess," she murmured, "I could scatter largess to the populace.

They all loved the old man who was so kind and good and patient under all his troubles, but the old woman they hated, and they determined, if ever they had the chance, to punish her as she deserved.
They had not long to wait.
After walking for some hours the old woman had at last found the bamboo grove which she had made her husband carefully describe, and now she stood before it crying out:
"Where is the tongue-cut sparrow's house?
Where is the tongue-cut sparrow's house?"
At last she saw the eaves of the house peeping out from amongst the bamboo foliage.
She hastened to the door and knocked loudly.
When the servants told the Lady Sparrow that her old mistress was at the door asking to see her, she was somewhat surprised at the unexpected visit, after all that had taken place, and she wondered not a little at the boldness of the old woman in venturing to come to the house.
The Lady Sparrow, however, was a polite bird, and so she went out to greet the old woman, remembering that she had once been her mistress.
The old woman intended, however, to waste no time in words, she went right to the point, without the least shame, and said:
"You need not trouble to entertain me as you did my old man.
I have come myself to get the box which he so stupidly left behind.
I shall soon take my leave if you will give me the big box that is all I want!"
The Lady Sparrow at once consented, and told her servants to bring out the big box.

"That is a material consideration undoubtedly.
A valuable legacy indeed!
And yet some of the plate would have been a very pleasant addition to our own stock here."
"Yes; and the set of breakfast china is twice as handsome as what belongs to this house.
A great deal too handsome, in my opinion, for any place THEY can ever afford to live in.
But, however, so it is.
Your father thought only of THEM.
And I must say this: that you owe no particular gratitude to him, nor attention to his wishes; for we very well know that if he could, he would have left almost everything in the world to THEM."
This argument was irresistible.
It gave to his intentions whatever of decision was wanting before; and he finally resolved, that it would be absolutely unnecessary, if not highly indecorous, to do more for the widow and children of his father, than such kind of neighbourly acts as his own wife pointed out.
CHAPTER 3 
Mrs. Dashwood remained at Norland several months; not from any disinclination to move when the sight of every well known spot ceased to raise the violent emotion which it produced for a while; for when her spirits began to revive, and her mind became capable of some other exertion than that of heightening its affliction by melancholy remembrances, she was impatient to be gone, and indefatigable in her inquiries for a suitable dwelling in the neighbourhood of Norland; for to remove far from that beloved spot was impossible.
But she could hear of no situation that at once answered her notions of comfort and ease, and suited the prudence of her eldest daughter, whose steadier judgment rejected several houses as too large for their income, which her mother would have approved.

I am sure Edward Ferrars is not well.
We have now been here almost a fortnight, and yet he does not come.
Nothing but real indisposition could occasion this extraordinary delay.
What else can detain him at Norland?"
"Had you any idea of his coming so soon?"
said Mrs. Dashwood.
"I had none.
On the contrary, if I have felt any anxiety at all on the subject, it has been in recollecting that he sometimes showed a want of pleasure and readiness in accepting my invitation, when I talked of his coming to Barton.
Does Elinor expect him already?"
"I have never mentioned it to her, but of course she must."
"I rather think you are mistaken, for when I was talking to her yesterday of getting a new grate for the spare bedchamber, she observed that there was no immediate hurry for it, as it was not likely that the room would be wanted for some time."
"How strange this is!

Darling may exclaim pettishly, “Dash it all, here are those boys again.” However, we should get no thanks even for this.
We are beginning to know Mrs.
Darling by this time, and may be sure that she would upbraid us for depriving the children of their little pleasure.
“But, my dear madam, it is ten days till Thursday week; so that by telling you what's what, we can save you ten days of unhappiness.”
“Yes, but at what a cost!
By depriving the children of ten minutes of delight.”
“Oh, if you look at it in that way!”
“What other way is there in which to look at it?”
You see, the woman had no proper spirit.
I had meant to say extraordinarily nice things about her; but I despise her, and not one of them will I say now.
She does not really need to be told to have things ready, for they are ready.
All the beds are aired, and she never leaves the house, and observe, the window is open.
For all the use we are to her, we might well go back to the ship.
However, as we are here we may as well stay and look on.
That is all we are, lookers-on.
Nobody really wants us.

"So do I!"
The hand vanished as suddenly as it came, and there was energy enough in the echo of her wish to suit even Amy.
She glanced down at him with a new thought in her mind, but he was lying with his hat half over his face, as if for shade, and his mustache hid his mouth.
She only saw his chest rise and fall, with a long breath that might have been a sigh, and the hand that wore the ring nestled down into the grass, as if to hide something too precious or too tender to be spoken of.
All in a minute various hints and trifles assumed shape and significance in Amy's mind, and told her what her sister never had confided to her.
She remembered that Laurie never spoke voluntarily of Jo, she recalled the shadow on his face just now, the change in his character, and the wearing of the little old ring which was no ornament to a handsome hand.
Girls are quick to read such signs and feel their eloquence.
Amy had fancied that perhaps a love trouble was at the bottom of the alteration, and now she was sure of it.
Her keen eyes filled, and when she spoke again, it was in a voice that could be beautifully soft and kind when she chose to make it so.
"I know I have no right to talk so to you, Laurie, and if you weren't the sweetest-tempered fellow in the world, you'd be very angry with me.
But we are all so fond and proud of you, I couldn't bear to think they should be disappointed in you at home as I have been, though, perhaps they would understand the change better than I do."
"I think they would," came from under the hat, in a grim tone, quite as touching as a broken one.

I’ve come to you from her, she bade me tell you that she must see you, she has something to say to you.
She told me to find you today.”
“I’ll come tomorrow.
Now I’m going home are you coming to my house?”
“Why should I?
I’ve given you the message.
Goodbye!”
“Won’t you come?” asked the prince in a gentle voice.
“What an extraordinary man you are!
I wonder at you!” Rogojin laughed sarcastically.
“Why do you hate me so?” asked the prince, sadly.
“You know yourself that all you suspected is quite unfounded.
I felt you were still angry with me, though.
Do you know why?
Because you tried to kill me that’s why you can’t shake off your wrath against me.

“No, don’t read it!” cried Evgenie suddenly.
He appeared so strangely disturbed that many of those present could not help wondering.
“Reading?
None of your reading now!” said somebody; “it’s supper-time.”
 “What sort of an article is it?
For a paper?
Probably it’s very dull,” said another.
But the prince’s timid gesture had impressed even Hippolyte.
“Then I’m not to read it?” he whispered, nervously.
“Am I not to read it?” he repeated, gazing around at each face in turn.
“What are you afraid of, prince?” he turned and asked the latter suddenly.
“What should I be afraid of?”
“Has anyone a coin about them?
Give me a twenty-copeck piece, somebody!”
 And Hippolyte leapt from his chair.

He told us Jarndyce and Jarndyce, and that, as well as he could make out, it was over.
Over for the day?
"No," he said; "over for good."
In a few minutes a crowd came streaming out, and we saw Mr. Kenge.
He told us that Jarndyce and Jarndyce was a monument of Chancery practice, and in a good many words that the case was over because the whole estate was found to have been absorbed in costs.
We hurried away, first to my guardian, and then to Ada and Richard.
Richard was lying on the sofa with his eyes closed when I went in.
When he opened them, I fully saw, for the first time, how worn he was.
But he spoke cheerfully, and said how glad he was to think of our intended marriage.
In the evening my guardian came in and laid his hand softly on Richard's.
"Oh, sir," said Richard, "you are a good man, a good man!"
and burst into tears.

There he waited, hoping to hear the song.
But he heard nothing but the rushing of the water and the moaning of the wind, and, disappointed, rode home.
Shortly after, he was sitting in the garden, thinking that the swallows must have forgotten his message, when he saw an eagle flying above him.
The bird gradually descended until it perched on a tree close to the Prince and said: “The wizard of Finland greets thee and bids me say that thou mayest free the maiden thus: Go to the river and smear thyself all over with mud; then say: ‘From a man into a crab,’ and thou wilt become a crab.
Plunge boldly into the water, swim as close as thou canst to the water-lily’s roots, and loosen them from the mud and reeds.
This done, fasten thy claws into the roots and rise with them to the surface.
Let the water flow all over the flower, and drift with the current until thou comest to a mountain ash tree on the left bank.
There is near it a large stone.
Stop there and say: ‘From a crab into a man, from a water-lily into a maiden,’ and ye both will be restored to your own forms.”
Full of doubt and fear, the Prince let some time pass before he was bold enough to attempt to rescue the maiden.
Then a crow said to him: “Why dost thou hesitate?
The old wizard has not told thee wrong, neither have the birds deceived thee; hasten and dry the maiden’s tears.”
“Nothing worse than death can befall me,” thought the Prince, “and death is better than endless sorrow.” So he mounted his horse and went to the bridge.
Again he heard the water-lily’s lament, and, hesitating no longer, smeared himself all over with mud, and, saying: “From a man into a crab,” plunged into the river.

Mr. Bhaer's devotion was sincere, however likewise effective for honesty is the best policy in love as in law.
He was one of the men who are at home with children, and looked particularly well when little faces made a pleasant contrast with his manly one.
His business, whatever it was, detained him from day to day, but evening seldom failed to bring him out to see well, he always asked for Mr. March, so I suppose he was the attraction.
The excellent papa labored under the delusion that he was, and reveled in long discussions with the kindred spirit, till a chance remark of his more observing grandson suddenly enlightened him.
Mr. Bhaer came in one evening to pause on the threshold of the study, astonished by the spectacle that met his eye.
Prone upon the floor lay Mr. March, with his respectable legs in the air, and beside him, likewise prone, was Demi, trying to imitate the attitude with his own short, scarlet-stockinged legs, both grovelers so seriously absorbed that they were unconscious of spectators, till Mr. Bhaer laughed his sonorous laugh, and Jo cried out, with a scandalized face...
"Father, Father, here's the Professor!"
Down went the black legs and up came the gray head, as the preceptor said, with undisturbed dignity, "Good evening, Mr. Bhaer.
Excuse me for a moment.
We are just finishing our lesson.
Now, Demi, make the letter and tell its name."
"I knows him!"
and, after a few convulsive efforts, the red legs took the shape of a pair of compasses, and the intelligent pupil triumphantly shouted, "It's a We, Dranpa, it's a We!"

"Squeak, squeak," cried a little mouse at the kitchen door.
It was the fourth, and not the third, of the four who were contending for the prize, the one whom the rest supposed to be dead.
She shot in like an arrow and overturned the sausage peg that had been covered with crape.
She had been running day and night, for although she had traveled in a baggage train, by railway, yet she had arrived almost too late.
She pressed forward, looking very much ruffled.
She had lost her sausage skewer but not her voice, and she began to speak at once, as if they waited only for her and would hear her only as if nothing else in the world were of the least consequence.
She spoke out so clearly and plainly, and she had come in so suddenly, that no one had time to stop her or to say a word while she was speaking.
This is what she said.
WHAT THE FOURTH MOUSE, WHO SPOKE BEFORE THE THIRD, HAD TO TELL 
"I started off at once to the largest town," said she, "but the name of it has escaped me.
I have a very bad memory for names.
I was carried from the railway, with some goods on which duties had not been paid, to the jail, and on arriving I made my escape, running into the house of the keeper.
He was speaking of his prisoners, especially of one who had uttered thoughtless words.

We shall comment on all the live events of the week murders, Wall Street scandals, glove fights, and the like, in a manner which will make our readers' spines thrill.
Above all, we shall be the guardians of the people's rights.
We shall be a spot light, showing up the dark places and bringing into prominence those who would endeavor in any way to put the people in Dutch.
We shall detect the wrongdoer, and hand him such a series of resentful wallops that he will abandon his little games and become a model citizen.
In this way we shall produce a bright, readable little sheet which will make our city sit up and take notice.
I think so.
I think so.
And now I must be hustling about and seeing our new contributors.
There is no time to waste."
CHAPTER XV 
THE HONEYED WORD 
The offices of Peaceful Moments were in a large building in a street off Madison Avenue.
They consisted of a sort of outer lair, where Pugsy Maloney spent his time reading tales of life on the prairies and heading off undesirable visitors; a small room, into which desirable but premature visitors were loosed, to wait their turn for admission into the Presence; and a larger room beyond, which was the editorial sanctum.
Smith, returning from luncheon on the day following his announcement of the great change, found both Betty and Pugsy waiting in the outer lair, evidently with news of import.

There was nothing, however, of love-making in his talk.
His ideas were all of the most serious kind; some were even mystical and profound.
He aired his own views on various matters, some of his most private opinions and observations, many of which would have seemed rather funny, so his hearers agreed afterwards, had they not been so well expressed.
The general liked serious subjects of conversation; but both he and Lizabetha Prokofievna felt that they were having a little too much of a good thing tonight, and as the evening advanced, they both grew more or less melancholy; but towards night, the prince fell to telling funny stories, and was always the first to burst out laughing himself, which he invariably did so joyously and simply that the rest laughed just as much at him as at his stories.
As for Aglaya, she hardly said a word all the evening; but she listened with all her ears to Lef Nicolaievitch’s talk, and scarcely took her eyes off him.
“She looked at him, and stared and stared, and hung on every word he said,” said Lizabetha afterwards, to her husband, “and yet, tell her that she loves him, and she is furious!”
“What’s to be done?
It’s fate,” said the general, shrugging his shoulders, and, for a long while after, he continued to repeat: “It’s fate, it’s fate!”
We may add that to a business man like General Epanchin the present position of affairs was most unsatisfactory.
He hated the uncertainty in which they had been, perforce, left.
However, he decided to say no more about it, and merely to look on, and take his time and tune from Lizabetha Prokofievna.
The happy state in which the family had spent the evening, as just recorded, was not of very long duration.
Next day Aglaya quarrelled with the prince again, and so she continued to behave for the next few days.
For whole hours at a time she ridiculed and chaffed the wretched man, and made him almost a laughing-stock.

Ratin' us as so much power and reg'latin' us as if we was figures in a sum, will never do't."
"Now, it's clear to me," said Mr. Bounderby, "that you are one of those chaps who have always got a grievance.
And you are such a raspish, ill-conditioned chap that even your own union the men who know you best will have nothing to do with you.
And I tell you what, I go so far along with them for a novelty, that I'll have nothing to do with you either.
You can finish off what you're at, and then go elsewhere."
Thus James Harthouse learnt how Mr. Bounderby dealt with hands.
Mr. Harthouse, however, only felt bored, and took the earliest opportunity to explain to Mrs. Bounderby that he really had no opinions, and that he was going in for her father's opinions, because he might as well back them as anything else.
"The side that can prove anything in a line of units, tens, hundreds, and thousands, Mrs. Bounderby, seems to me to afford the most fun and to give a man the best chance.
I am quite ready to go in for it to the same extent as if I believed it.
And what more could I possibly do if I did believe it?".
"You are a singular politician," said Louisa.
"Pardon me; I have not even that merit.

They knocked at the door, and a good woman came and opened it; she asked them what they would have.
Little Thumb told her they were poor children who had been lost in the forest, and desired to lodge there for God’s sake.
The woman, seeing them so very pretty, began to weep, and said to them:
“Alas!
poor babies; whither are ye come?
Do ye know that this house belongs to a cruel ogre who eats up little children?”
“Ah!
dear madam,” answered Little Thumb (who trembled every joint of him, as well as his brothers), “what shall we do?
To be sure the wolves of the forest will devour us to-night if you refuse us to lie here; and so we would rather the gentleman should eat us; and perhaps he may take pity upon us, especially if you please to beg it of him.”
The Ogre’s wife, who believed she could conceal them from her husband till morning, let them come in, and brought them to warm themselves at a very good fire; for there was a whole sheep upon the spit, roasting for the Ogre’s supper.
As they began to be a little warm they heard three or four great raps at the door; this was the Ogre, who had come home.
Upon this she hid them under the bed and went to open the door.
The Ogre presently asked if supper was ready and the wine drawn, and then sat himself down to table.
The sheep was as yet all raw and bloody; but he liked it the better for that.
He sniffed about to the right and left, saying:
“I smell fresh meat.”
“What you smell so,” said his wife, “must be the calf which I have just now killed and flayed.”
“I smell fresh meat, I tell thee once more,” replied the Ogre, looking crossly at his wife; “and there is something here which I do not understand.”
As he spoke these words he got up from the table and went directly to the bed.

No one called her "princess" instead of "Sara," but her adorers were much pleased with the picturesqueness and grandeur of the title, and Miss Minchin, hearing of it, mentioned it more than once to visiting parents, feeling that it rather suggested a sort of royal boarding school.
To Becky it seemed the most appropriate thing in the world.
The acquaintance begun on the foggy afternoon when she had jumped up terrified from her sleep in the comfortable chair, had ripened and grown, though it must be confessed that Miss Minchin and Miss Amelia knew very little about it.
They were aware that Sara was "kind" to the scullery maid, but they knew nothing of certain delightful moments snatched perilously when, the upstairs rooms being set in order with lightning rapidity, Sara's sitting room was reached, and the heavy coal box set down with a sigh of joy.
At such times stories were told by installments, things of a satisfying nature were either produced and eaten or hastily tucked into pockets to be disposed of at night, when Becky went upstairs to her attic to bed.
"But I has to eat 'em careful, miss," she said once; "'cos if I leaves crumbs the rats come out to get 'em."
"Rats!"
exclaimed Sara, in horror.
"Are there RATS there?"
"Lots of 'em, miss," Becky answered in quite a matter-of-fact manner.
"There mostly is rats an' mice in attics.
You gets used to the noise they makes scuttling about.

ahem!” he said, and everybody listened except the poor Catherine Wheel, who was still shaking her head, and murmuring, “Romance is dead.”
“Order!
order!” cried out a Cracker.
He was something of a politician, and had always taken a prominent part in the local elections, so he knew the proper Parliamentary expressions to use.
“Quite dead,” whispered the Catherine Wheel, and she went off to sleep.
As soon as there was perfect silence, the Rocket coughed a third time and began.
He spoke with a very slow, distinct voice, as if he was dictating his memoirs, and always looked over the shoulder of the person to whom he was talking.
In fact, he had a most distinguished manner.
“How fortunate it is for the King’s son,” he remarked, “that he is to be married on the very day on which I am to be let off.
Really, if it had been arranged beforehand, it could not have turned out better for him; but, Princes are always lucky.”
“Dear me!” said the little Squib, “I thought it was quite the other way, and that we were to be let off in the Prince’s honour.”
“It may be so with you,” he answered; “indeed, I have no doubt that it is, but with me it is different.
I am a very remarkable Rocket, and come of remarkable parents.
My mother was the most celebrated Catherine Wheel of her day, and was renowned for her graceful dancing.
When she made her great public appearance she spun round nineteen times before she went out, and each time that she did so she threw into the air seven pink stars.

Anybody bringing,” &c, &c.
“That will do,” said Holmes.
“As to the letters,” he continued, glancing over them, “they are very commonplace.
Absolutely no clue in them to Mr. Angel, save that he quotes Balzac once.
There is one remarkable point, however, which will no doubt strike you.”
“They are typewritten,” I remarked.
“Not only that, but the signature is typewritten.
Look at the neat little ‘Hosmer Angel’ at the bottom.
There is a date, you see, but no superscription except Leadenhall Street, which is rather vague.
The point about the signature is very suggestive—in fact, we may call it conclusive.”
“Of what?”
“My dear fellow, is it possible you do not see how strongly it bears upon the case?”
“I cannot say that I do unless it were that he wished to be able to deny his signature if an action for breach of promise were instituted.”
“No, that was not the point.
However, I shall write two letters, which should settle the matter.
One is to a firm in the City, the other is to the young lady’s stepfather, Mr. Windibank, asking him whether he could meet us here at six o’clock to-morrow evening.
It is just as well that we should do business with the male relatives.
And now, Doctor, we can do nothing until the answers to those letters come, so we may put our little problem upon the shelf for the interim.”
I had had so many reasons to believe in my friend’s subtle powers of reasoning and extraordinary energy in action that I felt that he must have some solid grounds for the assured and easy demeanour with which he treated the singular mystery which he had been called upon to fathom.

Sad, yes, sad thoughts of thee my heart doth swell, And burning recollections throng my brow!
For I have wandered through thy flowery woods; Have roamed and read near Tallapoosa's stream; Have listened to Tallassee's warring floods, And wooed on Coosa's side Aurora's beam.
“Yet shame I not to bear an o'erfull heart, Nor blush to turn behind my tearful eyes; 'Tis from no stranger land I now must part, 'Tis to no strangers left I yield these sighs.
Welcome and home were mine within this State, Whose vales I leave whose spires fade fast from me And cold must be mine eyes, and heart, and tete, When, dear Alabama!
they turn cold on thee!” There were very few there who knew what “tete” meant, but the poem was very satisfactory, nevertheless.
Next appeared a dark-complexioned, black-eyed, black-haired young lady, who paused an impressive moment, assumed a tragic expression, and began to read in a measured, solemn tone:
“A VISION 
“Dark and tempestuous was night.
Around the throne on high not a single star quivered; but the deep intonations of the heavy thunder constantly vibrated upon the ear; whilst the terrific lightning revelled in angry mood through the cloudy chambers of heaven, seeming to scorn the power exerted over its terror by the illustrious Franklin!
Even the boisterous winds unanimously came forth from their mystic homes, and blustered about as if to enhance by their aid the wildness of the scene.
“At such a time, so dark, so dreary, for human sympathy my very spirit sighed; but instead thereof, 
“'My dearest friend, my counsellor, my comforter and guide My joy in grief, my second bliss in joy,' came to my side.
She moved like one of those bright beings pictured in the sunny walks of fancy's Eden by the romantic and young, a queen of beauty unadorned save by her own transcendent loveliness.
So soft was her step, it failed to make even a sound, and but for the magical thrill imparted by her genial touch, as other unobtrusive beauties, she would have glided away unperceived unsought.
A strange sadness rested upon her features, like icy tears upon the robe of December, as she pointed to the contending elements without, and bade me contemplate the two beings presented.”
This nightmare occupied some ten pages of manuscript and wound up with a sermon so destructive of all hope to non-Presbyterians that it took the first prize.

Then the youth also becomes a fish, and they cast lots again, and the master loses.
So the master changes himself into a cock, and the youth becomes a fox, and bites the master’s head off, and he died and has remained dead to this day.
69 Jorinda and Joringel 
There was once an old castle in the midst of a large and thick forest, and in it an old woman who was a witch dwelt all alone.
In the day-time she changed herself into a cat or a screech-owl, but in the evening she took her proper shape again as a human being.
She could lure wild beasts and birds to her, and then she killed and boiled and roasted them.
If any one came within one hundred paces of the castle he was obliged to stand still, and could not stir from the place until she bade him be free.
But whenever an innocent maiden came within this circle, she changed her into a bird, and shut her up in a wicker-work cage, and carried the cage into a room in the castle.
She had about seven thousand cages of rare birds in the castle.
Now, there was once a maiden who was called Jorinda, who was fairer than all other girls.
She and a handsome youth named Joringel had promised to marry each other.
They were still in the days of betrothal, and their greatest happiness was being together.
One day in order that they might be able to talk together in quiet they went for a walk in the forest.

"November came.
It was a terrible month on the coast that year.
Storm followed storm; the sea-faring people talked constantly of wrecks and losses.
I could not sleep on the nights of those high winds.
I used to lie awake thinking over all the happy hours that I had lived with Nathaniel.
"Thanksgiving week came.
"It was full of an Indian-summer brightness after the long storms.
The nights were frosty, bright, and calm.
"I could sleep on those calm nights.
"One morning I thought I heard a strange sound in the woodland pasture.
It was like a wild goose.
I listened; it was repeated.

Undoubtedly it was.
Was he not an emigrant then?
What did he call himself?
Not an emigrant, he hoped, within the sense and spirit of the law.
Why not?
the President desired to know.
Because he had voluntarily relinquished a title that was distasteful to him, and a station that was distasteful to him, and had left his country he submitted before the word emigrant in the present acceptation by the Tribunal was in use to live by his own industry in England, rather than on the industry of the overladen people of France.
What proof had he of this?
He handed in the names of two witnesses; Theophile Gabelle, and Alexandre Manette.
But he had married in England?
the President reminded him.
True, but not an English woman.

So he invited the girls to come with him on a visit to their grandmother, but on the way he slipped away quietly and left them eating plums in the jungle.
After a while they found themselves all alone, and as night fell were very frightened, and hid themselves in the hollow of a large tree.
Here a tiger found them and ate six, leaving only the youngest sister alive.
She hid in the tree for several days, and at last a Rajah found her, and asked how she had got there.
Then she told him the whole story, and he felt pity for her and married her.
But she often wondered what had become of her father, and whether he was alive or dead; and when she remembered the fate of her sisters, she secretly made up her mind to be revenged on her stepmother.
Then she called a crow, and asked it if it would go to her former home with a letter from her.
In the letter she told her father of her sisters' fate and of her own good fortune.
The crow carried the news to her father, and, greatly surprised, he read the contents of his daughter's letter to his wife.
The woman was mercenary as well as cruel, and advised him to lose no time in visiting her, and bringing back all the money he could secure.
So the Brahmin went and spent eight or nine days in the Palace.
As he was preparing to return home, the girl called him, and gave him a box containing a snake, a scorpion, and a wasp; and as it was securely locked, he had no suspicion of its contents.

“And his father,” he added, for the prince’s instruction, “and his father would have given a man a ticket to the other world for ten roubles any day not to speak of ten thousand!”
The prince observed Rogojin with great curiosity; he seemed paler than ever at this moment.
“What do you know about it?” cried the latter.
“Well, my father learned the whole story at once, and Zaleshoff blabbed it all over the town besides.
So he took me upstairs and locked me up, and swore at me for an hour.
‘This is only a foretaste,’ says he; ‘wait a bit till night comes, and I’ll come back and talk to you again.’
“Well, what do you think?
The old fellow went straight off to Nastasia Philipovna, touched the floor with his forehead, and began blubbering and beseeching her on his knees to give him back the diamonds.
So after awhile she brought the box and flew out at him.
‘There,’ she says, ‘take your earrings, you wretched old miser; although they are ten times dearer than their value to me now that I know what it must have cost Parfen to get them!
Give Parfen my compliments,’ she says, ‘and thank him very much!’ Well, I meanwhile had borrowed twenty-five roubles from a friend, and off I went to Pskoff to my aunt’s.
The old woman there lectured me so that I left the house and went on a drinking tour round the public-houses of the place.
I was in a high fever when I got to Pskoff, and by nightfall I was lying delirious in the streets somewhere or other!”
“Oho!
we’ll make Nastasia Philipovna sing another song now!” giggled Lebedeff, rubbing his hands with glee.

It was by no means the first time that the brother had been forced to give something to him, and he was not better pleased at being asked now than he generally was.
“If you will do what I ask you, you shall have a whole ham,” said he.
The poor one immediately thanked him, and promised this.
“Well, here is the ham, and now you must go straight to Dead Man’s Hall,” said the rich brother, throwing the ham to him.
“Well, I will do what I have promised,” said the other, and he took the ham and set off.
He went on and on for the livelong day, and at nightfall he came to a place where there was a bright light.
“I have no doubt this is the place,” thought the man with the ham.
An old man with a long white beard was standing in the outhouse, chopping Yule logs.
“Good-evening,” said the man with the ham.
“Good-evening to you.
Where are you going at this late hour?” said the man.
“I am going to Dead Man’s Hall, if only I am on the right track,”
 answered the poor man.

I thought it was Wednesday.
It is Wednesday.
What d’you want to frighten a chap for?” He sank his face onto his arms and began to sob in a high treble key.
“I tell you that it is Friday, man.
Your wife has been waiting this two days for you.
You should be ashamed of yourself!”
“So I am.
But you’ve got mixed, Watson, for I have only been here a few hours, three pipes, four pipes—I forget how many.
But I’ll go home with you.
I wouldn’t frighten Kate—poor little Kate.
Give me your hand!
Have you a cab?”
“Yes, I have one waiting.”
“Then I shall go in it.
But I must owe something.

Maybe that's what's biting you.
Let me tell you that he's an American pretty near as much an American as you are yourself."
Betty stared at him.
"An American!"
"Don't believe it, eh?
Well, let me tell you that his mother was born and raised in Jersey, and that he has lived all his life in the States.
He's no little runt of a Dago.
No, sir.
He's a Harvard man, six-foot high and weighs two hundred pounds.
That's the sort of man he is.
I guess that's not American enough for you, maybe?
No?"

"Gentlemen," said the queen, "a few years ago I had around me knights, treasure, and armies.
To-day look around, and know that in order to accomplish a plan which is dearer to me than life I have only Lord de Winter, the friend of twenty years, and you, gentlemen, whom I see for the first time, and whom I know but as my countrymen."
"It is enough," said Athos, bowing low, "if the life of three men can purchase yours, madame."
"I thank you, gentlemen.
But hear me.
My husband, King of England, is leading so wretched a life that death would be a welcome exchange for him.
He has asked for the hospitality of France, and it has been refused him."
"What is to be done?"
said Athos.
"I have the honour to inquire from your majesty what you desire Monsieur D'Herblay (as Aramis was named)
and myself to do in your service.
We are ready."
"I, madame," said Aramis, "follow M. de la Fère wherever he leads, even to death, without demanding any reason; but when it concerns your majesty's service, no one precedes me."

‘If people would be more careful,’ said a field-mouse rather stiffly, ‘and look where they’re going, people wouldn’t hurt themselves and forget themselves.
Mind that hold-all, Rat!
You’d better sit down somewhere.
In an hour or two we may be more free to attend to you.’
‘You won’t be “free” as you call it much this side of Christmas, I can see that,’ retorted the Rat grumpily, as he picked his way out of the field.
He returned somewhat despondently to his river again his faithful, steady-going old river, which never packed up, flitted, or went into winter quarters.
In the osiers which fringed the bank he spied a swallow sitting.
Presently it was joined by another, and then by a third; and the birds, fidgeting restlessly on their bough, talked together earnestly and low.
‘What, ALREADY,’ said the Rat, strolling up to them.
‘What’s the hurry?
I call it simply ridiculous.’
‘O, we’re not off yet, if that’s what you mean,’ replied the first swallow.
‘We’re only making plans and arranging things.
Talking it over, you know what route we’re taking this year, and where we’ll stop, and so on.

Who will tell us what he had to do with it?
Can no one tell us what James B. Weaver had to do with the campaign of 1881?
Very well; I will tell you what he had to do with the campaign of 1881.
He was the Presidential candidate on the Greenback ticket, but it was kept so quiet that I am not surprised to know that you did not hear about it.
After the inauguration of Garfield the investigation and annulling of star-route contracts fraudulently obtained were carried out, whereby two million dollars' worth of these corrupt agreements were rendered null and void.
On the morning of July 2, President Garfield was shot by a poor, miserable, unbalanced, and abnormal growth whose name will not be discovered even in the appendix of this work.
He was tried, convicted, and sent squealing into eternity.
The President lingered patiently for two months and a half, when he died.
After the accession of President Arthur, there occurred floods on the lower Mississippi, whereby one hundred thousand people lost their homes.
The administration was not in any way to blame for this.
In 1883 the Brooklyn Bridge across East River was completed and ready for jumping purposes.
It was regarded as a great engineering success at the time, but it is now admitted that it is not high enough.

He had been listening in silence up to that moment without taking part in the conversation, but laughing heartily with the others from time to time.
Evidently he was delighted to see that everybody was amused, that everybody was talking at once, and even that everybody was drinking.
It seemed as if he were not intending to speak at all, when suddenly he intervened in such a serious voice that everyone looked at him with interest.
“It is true that there were frequent famines at that time, gentlemen.
I have often heard of them, though I do not know much history.
But it seems to me that it must have been so.
When I was in Switzerland I used to look with astonishment at the many ruins of feudal castles perched on the top of steep and rocky heights, half a mile at least above sea-level, so that to reach them one had to climb many miles of stony tracks.
A castle, as you know, is, a kind of mountain of stones a dreadful, almost an impossible, labour!
Doubtless the builders were all poor men, vassals, and had to pay heavy taxes, and to keep up the priesthood.
How, then, could they provide for themselves, and when had they time to plough and sow their fields?
The greater number must, literally, have died of starvation.
I have sometimes asked myself how it was that these communities were not utterly swept off the face of the earth, and how they could possibly survive.

and some applauded.
Dennis, still confused, but flattered by the applause, to which neither he nor I are used, rose again, and this time tried No.
2: "I am very glad you liked it!"
in a sonorous, clear delivery.
My best friends stared.
All the people who did not know me personally yelled with delight at the aspect of the evening; the Governor was beside himself, and poor Isaacs thought he was undone!
Alas, it was I!
A boy in the gallery cried in a loud tone, "It's all an infernal humbug," just as Dennis, waving his hand, commanded silence, and tried No.
4: "I agree, in general, with my friend the other side of the room."
The poor Governor doubted his senses, and crossed to stop him not in time, however.
The same gallery-boy shouted, "How's your mother?"
and Dennis, now completely lost, tried, as his last shot, No.

You’ll do to give us the bare words and facts, but we come in to supply the thoughts.
That’s my small experience, so far as the Massachusetts calendar, and Bowditch’s navigator, and Daboll’s arithmetic go.
Signs and wonders, eh?
Pity if there is nothing wonderful in signs, and significant in wonders!
There’s a clue somewhere; wait a bit; hist—hark!
By Jove, I have it!
Look you, Doubloon, your zodiac here is the life of man in one round chapter; and now I’ll read it off, straight out of the book.
Come, Almanack!
To begin: there’s Aries, or the Ram—lecherous dog, he begets us; then, Taurus, or the Bull—he bumps us the first thing; then Gemini, or the Twins—that is, Virtue and Vice; we try to reach Virtue, when lo!
comes Cancer the Crab, and drags us back; and here, going from Virtue, Leo, a roaring Lion, lies in the path—he gives a few fierce bites and surly dabs with his paw; we escape, and hail Virgo, the Virgin!
that’s our first love; we marry and think to be happy for aye, when pop comes Libra, or the Scales—happiness weighed and found wanting; and while we are very sad about that, Lord!
how we suddenly jump, as Scorpio, or the Scorpion, stings us in the rear; we are curing the wound, when whang come the arrows all round; Sagittarius, or the Archer, is amusing himself.

"Children!"
said he, "the feast will begin again exactly at six o'clock.
Give time to wash the dishes and change the tablecloths, and you may once more give yourselves over to pleasure.
You shall feast twice a day as long as the tart lasts.
Do not forget.
Yes!
if there is not enough in this one, I will even order ANOTHER from Mother Mitchel; for you know that great woman is indefatigable.
Your happiness is my only aim."
(Marks of universal joy and emotion.)
"You understand?
Noon, and six o'clock!
There is no need for me to say be punctual!

Also forget not the strange fact that of all things of ill-savor, Cologne-water, in its rudimental manufacturing stages, is the worst.
I should like to conclude the chapter with the above appeal, but cannot, owing to my anxiety to repel a charge often made against whalemen, and which, in the estimation of some already biased minds, might be considered as indirectly substantiated by what has been said of the Frenchman’s two whales.
Elsewhere in this volume the slanderous aspersion has been disproved, that the vocation of whaling is throughout a slatternly, untidy business.
But there is another thing to rebut.
They hint that all whales always smell bad.
Now how did this odious stigma originate?
I opine, that it is plainly traceable to the first arrival of the Greenland whaling ships in London, more than two centuries ago.
Because those whalemen did not then, and do not now, try out their oil at sea as the Southern ships have always done; but cutting up the fresh blubber in small bits, thrust it through the bung holes of large casks, and carry it home in that manner; the shortness of the season in those Icy Seas, and the sudden and violent storms to which they are exposed, forbidding any other course.
The consequence is, that upon breaking into the hold, and unloading one of these whale cemeteries, in the Greenland dock, a savor is given forth somewhat similar to that arising from excavating an old city grave-yard, for the foundations of a Lying-in Hospital.
I partly surmise also, that this wicked charge against whalers may be likewise imputed to the existence on the coast of Greenland, in former times, of a Dutch village called Schmerenburgh or Smeerenberg, which latter name is the one used by the learned Fogo Von Slack, in his great work on Smells, a text-book on that subject.
As its name imports (smeer, fat; berg, to put up), this village was founded in order to afford a place for the blubber of the Dutch whale fleet to be tried out, without being taken home to Holland for that purpose.
It was a collection of furnaces, fat-kettles, and oil sheds; and when the works were in full operation certainly gave forth no very pleasant savor.

She was the goddess of wisdom and her gift from Mount Olympus to the earth had been the beautiful olive tree that gave mortals shade, and fruit, and oil, and wood for their building.
Minerva stitched the pattern of a green olive tree on the tapestry she was embroidering.
Among the leaves of the olive tree Minerva embroidered a butterfly.
It seemed to live and flutter in and out among the olives.
One could almost touch the velvet nap that lay on its wings and the silk down which covered its back; there were its broad, outstretched horns, its gleaming eyes, its glorious colors.
Minerva's workmanship was more wonderful than Arachne could ever hope to learn.
As they finished she knew that she was outdone.
Minerva looked at Arachne's tapestry, woven of pride and a desire for vain conquest.
It could not be allowed to stand beside hers that showed the gift of life to man in the olives and such beauty as that of the butterfly.
The goddess struck Arachne's tapestry with her shuttle and tore it in pieces.
Arachne was suddenly filled with an understanding of how she had wasted her skill, and she longed to get away from all sight and sound of her weaving.
A vine trailed down to the ground from a near by tree.

You know your way here better than I.
Take my pig then, and give me your goose."
"I shall be running great risks," said the youth, "but at least I will prevent your getting into trouble."
He took the rope in his hand and drove the pig quickly away down a by-path, and Hans went on relieved of his sorrow, towards home, with the goose under his arm.
"What a lucky fellow I am!"
he said to himself.
"First, I shall have a good roast; then there is the quantity of dripping that will fall out, which will keep me in bread-and-dripping for a quarter of a year; and lastly, the splendid white feathers, with which I will have my pillow stuffed; then I shall fall asleep without rocking.
How glad my mother will be!"
When he was at length come to the village, there stood in the street a scissors-grinder with his truck.
His wheel hummed, and he sang the while:
  "My wheel I turn, and the scissors I grind,   And my cloak hangs flowing free in the wind."
Hans remained standing, and watched him; at length he spoke to him, and said:
"You must be doing well since you are so merry over your grinding."
"Yes," said the scissors-grinder; "the work has gold at the bottom of it.

But on other moonlight nights, when the sadness and the silence have touched me in a different way have affected me with something as like a sorrowful sense of peace, as any emotion that had pain for its foundations could I have imagined her as coming to me in my cell, and leading me out into the freedom beyond the fortress.
I have seen her image in the moonlight often, as I now see you; except that I never held her in my arms; it stood between the little grated window and the door.
But, you understand that that was not the child I am speaking of?”
“The figure was not; the the image; the fancy?”
“No.
That was another thing.
It stood before my disturbed sense of sight, but it never moved.
The phantom that my mind pursued, was another and more real child.
Of her outward appearance I know no more than that she was like her mother.
The other had that likeness too as you have but was not the same.
Can you follow me, Lucie?
Hardly, I think?
I doubt you must have been a solitary prisoner to understand these perplexed distinctions.”
His collected and calm manner could not prevent her blood from running cold, as he thus tried to anatomise his old condition.
“In that more peaceful state, I have imagined her, in the moonlight, coming to me and taking me out to show me that the home of her married life was full of her loving remembrance of her lost father.

I assure you that your little problem promises to be the most interesting which has come my way for some months.
There is something distinctly novel about some of the features.
If you should find yourself in doubt or in danger—”
“Danger!
What danger do you foresee?”
Holmes shook his head gravely.
“It would cease to be a danger if we could define it,” said he.
“But at any time, day or night, a telegram would bring me down to your help.”
“That is enough.” She rose briskly from her chair with the anxiety all swept from her face.
“I shall go down to Hampshire quite easy in my mind now.
I shall write to Mr. Rucastle at once, sacrifice my poor hair to-night, and start for Winchester to-morrow.” With a few grateful words to Holmes she bade us both good-night and bustled off upon her way.
“At least,” said I as we heard her quick, firm steps descending the stairs, “she seems to be a young lady who is very well able to take care of herself.”
“And she would need to be,” said Holmes gravely.
“I am much mistaken if we do not hear from her before many days are past.”
It was not very long before my friend’s prediction was fulfilled.
A fortnight went by, during which I frequently found my thoughts turning in her direction and wondering what strange side-alley of human experience this lonely woman had strayed into.
The unusual salary, the curious conditions, the light duties, all pointed to something abnormal, though whether a fad or a plot, or whether the man were a philanthropist or a villain, it was quite beyond my powers to determine.

They had evidently talked (and laughed) over the ‘poor knight’ for more than a month.
Yet Aglaya had brought out these letters N. P. B. not only without the slightest appearance of irony, or even any particular accentuation, but with so even and unbroken an appearance of seriousness that assuredly anyone might have supposed that these initials were the original ones written in the ballad.
The thing made an uncomfortable impression upon the prince.
Of course Mrs. Epanchin saw nothing either in the change of initials or in the insinuation embodied therein.
General Epanchin only knew that there was a recitation of verses going on, and took no further interest in the matter.
Of the rest of the audience, many had understood the allusion and wondered both at the daring of the lady and at the motive underlying it, but tried to show no sign of their feelings.
But Evgenie Pavlovitch (as the prince was ready to wager) both comprehended and tried his best to show that he comprehended; his smile was too mocking to leave any doubt on that point.
“How beautiful that is!” cried Mrs. Epanchin, with sincere admiration.
“Whose is it?”
“Pushkin’s, mama, of course!
Don’t disgrace us all by showing your ignorance,” said Adelaida.
“As soon as we reach home give it to me to read.”
“I don’t think we have a copy of Pushkin in the house.”
“There are a couple of torn volumes somewhere; they have been lying about from time immemorial,” added Alexandra.
“Send Feodor or Alexey up by the very first train to buy a copy, then.

he exclaimed.
"The very same," said Mark.
"How are you, sir?"
"I've had the fever very bad," he answered faintly.
"I haven't stood upright these many weeks.
My eldest son has a chill upon him.
My youngest died last week."
"I'm sorry for it, governor, with all my heart!"
said Mark.
"The goods is safe enough," he added, turning to Martin, and pointing to their boxes.
"There ain't many people about to make away with 'em.
What a comfort that is!"

They at length agreed that the person should be chosen as pope who should be distinguished by some divine and miraculous token.
And just as that was decided on, the young count entered into the church, and suddenly two snow-white doves flew on his shoulders and remained sitting there.
The ecclesiastics recognized therein the token from above, and asked him on the spot if he would be pope.
He was undecided, and knew not if he were worthy of this, but the doves counselled him to do it, and at length he said yes.
Then was he anointed and consecrated, and thus was fulfilled what he had heard from the frogs on his way, which had so affected him, that he was to be his Holiness the Pope.
Then he had to sing a mass, and did not know one word of it, but the two doves sat continually on his shoulders, and said it all in his ear.
34 Clever Elsie 
There was once a man who had a daughter who was called Clever Elsie.
And when she had grown up her father said, “We will get her married.”
“Yes,” said the mother; “if only any one would come who would have her.” At length a man came from a distance and wooed her, who was called Hans; but he stipulated that Clever Elsie should be really wise.
“Oh,” said the father, “she’s sharp enough;” and the mother said, “Oh, she can see the wind coming up the street, and hear the flies coughing.” “Well,” said Hans, “if she is not really wise, I won’t have her.” When they were sitting at dinner and had eaten, the mother said, “Elsie, go into the cellar and fetch some beer.” Then Clever Elsie took the pitcher from the wall, went into the cellar, and tapped the lid briskly as she went, so that the time might not appear long.
When she was below she fetched herself a chair, and set it before the barrel so that she had no need to stoop, and did not hurt her back or do herself any unexpected injury.
Then she placed the can before her, and turned the tap, and while the beer was running she would not let her eyes be idle, but looked up at the wall, and after much peering here and there, saw a pick-axe exactly above her, which the masons had accidentally left there.
Then Clever Elsie began to weep, and said, “If I get Hans, and we have a child, and he grows big, and we send him into the cellar here to draw beer, then the pick-axe will fall on his head and kill him.” Then she sat and wept and screamed with all the strength of her body, over the misfortune which lay before her.

Lionel looked puzzled.
"The fact is," the Chancellor went on, twisting his red beard in an agitated way, "your great "
"Go on," said Lionel.
"
was called a wizard."
"But he wasn't?"
"Of course not a most worthy King was your great "
"I see."
"But I wouldn't touch his books."
"Just this one," cried Lionel, laying his hands on the cover of a great brown book that lay on the study table.
It had gold patterns on the brown leather, and gold clasps with turquoises and rubies in the twists of them, and gold corners, so that the leather should not wear out too quickly.
"I must look at this one," Lionel said, for on the back in big letters he read: The Book of Beasts.
The Chancellor said, "Don't be a silly little King."
But Lionel had got the gold clasps undone, and he opened the first page, and there was a beautiful Butterfly all red, and brown, and yellow, and blue, so beautifully painted that it looked as if it were alive.
"There," said Lionel, "Isn't that lovely?

The pheasant, who was all this time fighting hard, saw Momotaro and his little band rush in at the back.
Momotaro's onslaught was so furious that the devils could not stand against him.
At first their foe had been a single bird, the pheasant, but now that Momotaro and the dog and the monkey had arrived they were bewildered, for the four enemies fought like a hundred, so strong were they.
Some of the devils fell off the parapet of the castle and were dashed to pieces on the rocks beneath; others fell into the sea and were drowned; many were beaten to death by the three animals.
The chief of the devils at last was the only one left.
He made up his mind to surrender, for he knew that his enemy was stronger than mortal man.
He came up humbly to Momotaro and threw down his iron bar, and kneeling down at the victor's feet he broke off the horns on his head in token of submission, for they were the sign of his strength and power.
"I am afraid of you," he said meekly.
"I cannot stand against you.
I will give you all the treasure hidden in this castle if you will spare my life!"
Momotaro laughed.
"It is not like you, big devil, to beg for mercy, is it?

well, why weren't there any more dwarfs, anyhow?
why didn't he get six more when he comed here the first time?
It appeared that he did not want any more.
It appeared that when he came away he never wished to see anybody again as long as he lived.
The child thought this so funny that she bubbled quite over, and dropped the cup she was wiping back into the hot water.
Why didn't he want to see people?
had they been horrid to him?
Yes, they had been very horrid.
He came away into the woods to stay till he was tired, and then he was going farther away.
Where?
oh, he did not know; to wherever he belonged; he was not sure where it was, but he knew the way to get there.
No, not by the brook, that was too slow, he knew a quick way.

Did you fixedly gaze, too, upon that ribbed and dented brow; there also, you would see still stranger foot-prints—the foot-prints of his one unsleeping, ever-pacing thought.
But on the occasion in question, those dents looked deeper, even as his nervous step that morning left a deeper mark.
And, so full of his thought was Ahab, that at every uniform turn that he made, now at the main-mast and now at the binnacle, you could almost see that thought turn in him as he turned, and pace in him as he paced; so completely possessing him, indeed, that it all but seemed the inward mould of every outer movement.
“D’ye mark him, Flask?” whispered Stubb; “the chick that’s in him pecks the shell.
’Twill soon be out.”
The hours wore on;—Ahab now shut up within his cabin; anon, pacing the deck, with the same intense bigotry of purpose in his aspect.
It drew near the close of day.
Suddenly he came to a halt by the bulwarks, and inserting his bone leg into the auger-hole there, and with one hand grasping a shroud, he ordered Starbuck to send everybody aft.
“Sir!” said the mate, astonished at an order seldom or never given on ship-board except in some extraordinary case.
“Send everybody aft,” repeated Ahab.
“Mast-heads, there!
come down!”
When the entire ship’s company were assembled, and with curious and not wholly unapprehensive faces, were eyeing him, for he looked not unlike the weather horizon when a storm is coming up, Ahab, after rapidly glancing over the bulwarks, and then darting his eyes among the crew, started from his standpoint; and as though not a soul were nigh him resumed his heavy turns upon the deck.
With bent head and half-slouched hat he continued to pace, unmindful of the wondering whispering among the men; till Stubb cautiously whispered to Flask, that Ahab must have summoned them there for the purpose of witnessing a pedestrian feat.

Then John was born, with the extra pomp that he conceived due to the birth of a male, and Michael came from his bath to ask to be born also, but John said brutally that they did not want any more.
Michael had nearly cried.
“Nobody wants me,” he said, and of course the lady in the evening-dress could not stand that.
“I do,” she said, “I so want a third child.”
“Boy or girl?” asked Michael, not too hopefully.
“Boy.”
Then he had leapt into her arms.
Such a little thing for Mr. and Mrs.
Darling and Nana to recall now, but not so little if that was to be Michael's last night in the nursery.
They go on with their recollections.
“It was then that I rushed in like a tornado, wasn't it?” Mr.
Darling would say, scorning himself; and indeed he had been like a tornado.
Perhaps there was some excuse for him.
He, too, had been dressing for the party, and all had gone well with him until he came to his tie.

“Not much.”
“How much?”
“Twenty-five roubles.”
“Let’s see it.”
The prince took his banknote out and showed it to Ferdishenko.
The latter unfolded it and looked at it; then he turned it round and examined the other side; then he held it up to the light.
“How strange that it should have browned so,” he said, reflectively.
“These twenty-five rouble notes brown in a most extraordinary way, while other notes often grow paler.
Take it.”
The prince took his note.
Ferdishenko rose.
“I came here to warn you,” he said.
“In the first place, don’t lend me any money, for I shall certainly ask you to.”
“Very well.”
“Shall you pay here?”
“Yes, I intend to.”
“Oh!
I don’t intend to.
Thanks.
I live here, next door to you; you noticed a room, did you?
Don’t come to me very often; I shall see you here quite often enough.

She lifted her hands toward the habitation of the gods and called to them for help.
"May these rustics who refuse to succor two children of your family be punished!"
Latona begged.
"May they never be able to leave this pool whose clear waters they have defiled!"
The company of the gods, and perhaps Juno also, heard Latona's entreaty and one of the strangest things of all mythology happened.
The rustics tried to leave the pool and return to their basket-making, but they discovered that their feet had suddenly grown flat and shapeless and were stuck fast in the mud.
They called for help, but their voices were harsh, their throats bloated, and their mouths had stretched so that they were unable to form words.
Their necks had disappeared and their heads, with great bulging eyes, were joined to their backs.
Their flesh was turned to thick green skin and they could not stand erect.
It was as Latona had asked.
These boorish, unseeing country clowns would never leave the slimy water into which they had stepped, for the gods had changed them into the first frogs.
"This is indeed a terrible punishment for so slight an offence as ridiculing a stranger," the people of Lycia said to each other as they visited the pools and rivers during the seasons that followed and listened to the continual, hoarse croaking of the frogs.

He jogged along for some miles until he came to a hedge, where a little bird was caught in the branches.
"Come along," said the tailor; "I'll have you to keep my cheese company"; so he caught the bird and put it carefully into his pocket with the cheese.
Soon he reached a lofty mountain, and he made up his mind to climb it and see what was going on at the other side.
When he reached the top, there stood a huge giant, gazing down into the valley below.
"Good day," said the tailor.
The giant turned round, and seeing nobody but the little tailor there, he cried with scorn:
"And what might you be doing here, might I ask?
You'd best be off at once."
"Not so fast, my friend," said the little man; "read this."
"Seven at one blow," read the giant, and he began to wish he'd been more civil.
"Well, I'm sure nobody would think it to look at you," he replied; "but since you are so clever, do this," and he picked up a stone and squeezed it until water ran out.
"Do that!
Why, it's mere child's play to me," and the man took out his cheese and squeezed it until the whey ran from it.

The people rudely pictured as drinking in the wine-shops, croaked over their scanty measures of thin wine and beer, and were gloweringly confidential together.
Nothing was represented in a flourishing condition, save tools and weapons; but, the cutler's knives and axes were sharp and bright, the smith's hammers were heavy, and the gunmaker's stock was murderous.
The crippling stones of the pavement, with their many little reservoirs of mud and water, had no footways, but broke off abruptly at the doors.
The kennel, to make amends, ran down the middle of the street when it ran at all: which was only after heavy rains, and then it ran, by many eccentric fits, into the houses.
Across the streets, at wide intervals, one clumsy lamp was slung by a rope and pulley; at night, when the lamplighter had let these down, and lighted, and hoisted them again, a feeble grove of dim wicks swung in a sickly manner overhead, as if they were at sea.
Indeed they were at sea, and the ship and crew were in peril of tempest.
For, the time was to come, when the gaunt scarecrows of that region should have watched the lamplighter, in their idleness and hunger, so long, as to conceive the idea of improving on his method, and hauling up men by those ropes and pulleys, to flare upon the darkness of their condition.
But, the time was not come yet; and every wind that blew over France shook the rags of the scarecrows in vain, for the birds, fine of song and feather, took no warning.
The wine-shop was a corner shop, better than most others in its appearance and degree, and the master of the wine-shop had stood outside it, in a yellow waistcoat and green breeches, looking on at the struggle for the lost wine.
“It's not my affair,” said he, with a final shrug of the shoulders.
“The people from the market did it.
Let them bring another.”
There, his eyes happening to catch the tall joker writing up his joke, he called to him across the way:
“Say, then, my Gaspard, what do you do there?”
The fellow pointed to his joke with immense significance, as is often the way with his tribe.

Out came Hudden and Dudden, and the one took one end of the pole, and the other the other.
"I'm thinking he's heavier," said Hudden.
"Ah, never mind," said Dudden; "it's only a step now to the Brown Lake."
"I'll have her now!
I'll have her now!"
bawled the farmer from inside the sack.
"By my faith and you shall, though," said Hudden, and he laid his stick across the sack.
"I'll have her!
I'll have her!"
bawled the farmer, louder than ever.
"Well, here you are," said Dudden, for they were now come to the Brown Lake, and, unslinging the sack, they pitched it plump into the lake.
"You'll not be playing your tricks on us any longer," said Hudden.

Advancing his hand by little and little, he took it up and looked at it.
In the midst of the action he went astray, and, with another deep sigh, fell to work at his shoemaking.
But not for long.
Releasing his arm, she laid her hand upon his shoulder.
After looking doubtfully at it, two or three times, as if to be sure that it was really there, he laid down his work, put his hand to his neck, and took off a blackened string with a scrap of folded rag attached to it.
He opened this, carefully, on his knee, and it contained a very little quantity of hair: not more than one or two long golden hairs, which he had, in some old day, wound off upon his finger.
He took her hair into his hand again, and looked closely at it.
“It is the same.
How can it be!
When was it!
How was it!”
As the concentrated expression returned to his forehead, he seemed to become conscious that it was in hers too.
He turned her full to the light, and looked at her.

Upon her head she wore a splendid crown, her lovely hair waved nearly to her feet, and her stately figure could easily be distinguished among all the ladies who attended her.
The King of the Gold Mines was not less noble and splendid; it was easy to see by his face how happy he was, and everyone who went near him returned loaded with presents, for all round the great banqueting hall had been arranged a thousand barrels full of gold, and numberless bags made of velvet embroidered with pearls and filled with money, each one containing at least a hundred thousand gold pieces, which were given away to everyone who liked to hold out his hand, which numbers of people hastened to do, you may be sure indeed, some found this by far the most amusing part of the wedding festivities.
The Queen and the Princess were just ready to set out with the King when they saw, advancing toward them from the end of the long gallery, two great basilisks, dragging after them a very badly made box; behind them came a tall old woman, whose ugliness was even more surprising than her extreme old age.
She wore a ruff of black taffeta, a red velvet hood, and a farthingale all in rags, and she leaned heavily upon a crutch.
This strange old woman, without saying a single word, hobbled three times round the gallery, followed by the basilisks, then stopping in the middle, and brandishing her crutch threateningly, she cried:
“Ho, ho, Queen!
Ho, ho, Princess!
Do you think you are going to break with impunity the promise that you made to my friend the Yellow Dwarf?
I am the Fairy of the Desert; without the Yellow Dwarf and his orange tree my great lions would soon have eaten you up, I can tell you, and in Fairyland we do not suffer ourselves to be insulted like this.
Make up your minds at once what you will do, for I vow that you shall marry the Yellow Dwarf.
If you don’t, may I burn my crutch!”
“Ah!
Princess,” said the Queen, weeping, “what is this that I hear?
What have you promised?”
“Ah!

The result is that, being very tame, they often prove themselves regular pests in camp.
Their only idea seems to be to hoard food for winter use.
And from early spring until late fall one can see them picking up any available scrap which they stow away in various tree holes.
Their boldness is always a source of amusement to the traveler.
I have seen Whiskey Jacks pounce on a piece of bacon in the frying pan and succeed in carrying it away; others raid an empty tent and steal any small thing they can find.
They often get in trouble—the unlucky one then uttering the most extraordinary shrieks which are always taken up by all the other birds.
It is a common occurrence to see one poke its head into an empty tin and have a great deal of difficulty in getting it out.
Some, raiding a tent, get their claws caught in the mosquito net, while others hovering around a camp fire singe their tails and wings in a mad scramble for some half cooked tidbit.
The funniest jam I ever saw a Whiskey Jack get into was when the bird found a bowl on the ground filled with pieces of bannock soaked in rum.
The bird was hungry and gobbled five or six pieces before the old prospector found out that his favorite evening dish was in danger.
Whiskey Jack flew a few feet away and settled on a branch of a tree.
But in a few minutes the liquor took effect.

There was a rebellion among the genii not long afterwards, and the General was about ten or fifteen years putting them down."
The nephew had been lying quiet a moment.
Now he began to laugh.
"What are you laughing at?"
demanded his uncle.
"The way that Khant scrambled up on top of the chariot when the cow came along.
Just like a girl.
They're all afraid of cows."
The tears came into the niece's eyes; she had a great many feelings, and they were easily hurt, especially her feelings about girls.
"Well, she wasn't afraid of the cannon, anyway."
"That is a very just remark," said the uncle.
"And now what do you say to breakfast?"

Of that he could judge, when the attack was over.
These instants were characterized to define it in a word by an intense quickening of the sense of personality.
Since, in the last conscious moment preceding the attack, he could say to himself, with full understanding of his words: “I would give my whole life for this one instant,” then doubtless to him it really was worth a lifetime.
For the rest, he thought the dialectical part of his argument of little worth; he saw only too clearly that the result of these ecstatic moments was stupefaction, mental darkness, idiocy.
No argument was possible on that point.
His conclusion, his estimate of the “moment,” doubtless contained some error, yet the reality of the sensation troubled him.
What’s more unanswerable than a fact?
And this fact had occurred.
The prince had confessed unreservedly to himself that the feeling of intense beatitude in that crowded moment made the moment worth a lifetime.
“I feel then,” he said one day to Rogojin in Moscow, “I feel then as if I understood those amazing words ‘There shall be no more time.’” And he added with a smile: “No doubt the epileptic Mahomet refers to that same moment when he says that he visited all the dwellings of Allah, in less time than was needed to empty his pitcher of water.” Yes, he had often met Rogojin in Moscow, and many were the subjects they discussed.
“He told me I had been a brother to him,” thought the prince.
“He said so today, for the first time.”
He was sitting in the Summer Garden on a seat under a tree, and his mind dwelt on the matter.

Miss Minchin was quite agitated.
This was an incident which suggested strange things to her sordid mind.
Could it be that she had made a mistake, after all, and that the neglected child had some powerful though eccentric friend in the background perhaps some previously unknown relation, who had suddenly traced her whereabouts, and chose to provide for her in this mysterious and fantastic way?
Relations were sometimes very odd particularly rich old bachelor uncles, who did not care for having children near them.
A man of that sort might prefer to overlook his young relation's welfare at a distance.
Such a person, however, would be sure to be crotchety and hot-tempered enough to be easily offended.
It would not be very pleasant if there were such a one, and he should learn all the truth about the thin, shabby clothes, the scant food, and the hard work.
She felt very queer indeed, and very uncertain, and she gave a side glance at Sara.
"Well," she said, in a voice such as she had never used since the little girl lost her father, "someone is very kind to you.
As the things have been sent, and you are to have new ones when they are worn out, you may as well go and put them on and look respectable.
After you are dressed you may come downstairs and learn your lessons in the schoolroom.
You need not go out on any more errands today."

A citizeness of France?
Yes.
By birth.
Her name and family?
“Lucie Manette, only daughter of Doctor Manette, the good physician who sits there.”
This answer had a happy effect upon the audience.
Cries in exaltation of the well-known good physician rent the hall.
So capriciously were the people moved, that tears immediately rolled down several ferocious countenances which had been glaring at the prisoner a moment before, as if with impatience to pluck him out into the streets and kill him.
On these few steps of his dangerous way, Charles Darnay had set his foot according to Doctor Manette's reiterated instructions.
The same cautious counsel directed every step that lay before him, and had prepared every inch of his road.
The President asked, why had he returned to France when he did, and not sooner?
He had not returned sooner, he replied, simply because he had no means of living in France, save those he had resigned; whereas, in England, he lived by giving instruction in the French language and literature.
He had returned when he did, on the pressing and written entreaty of a French citizen, who represented that his life was endangered by his absence.

The line originally used in the fishery was of the best hemp, slightly vapored with tar, not impregnated with it, as in the case of ordinary ropes; for while tar, as ordinarily used, makes the hemp more pliable to the rope-maker, and also renders the rope itself more convenient to the sailor for common ship use; yet, not only would the ordinary quantity too much stiffen the whale-line for the close coiling to which it must be subjected; but as most seamen are beginning to learn, tar in general by no means adds to the rope’s durability or strength, however much it may give it compactness and gloss.
Of late years the Manilla rope has in the American fishery almost entirely superseded hemp as a material for whale-lines; for, though not so durable as hemp, it is stronger, and far more soft and elastic; and I will add (since there is an æsthetics in all things), is much more handsome and becoming to the boat, than hemp.
Hemp is a dusky, dark fellow, a sort of Indian; but Manilla is as a golden-haired Circassian to behold.
The whale-line is only two-thirds of an inch in thickness.
At first sight, you would not think it so strong as it really is.
By experiment its one and fifty yarns will each suspend a weight of one hundred and twenty pounds; so that the whole rope will bear a strain nearly equal to three tons.
In length, the common sperm whale-line measures something over two hundred fathoms.
Towards the stern of the boat it is spirally coiled away in the tub, not like the worm-pipe of a still though, but so as to form one round, cheese-shaped mass of densely bedded “sheaves,” or layers of concentric spiralizations, without any hollow but the “heart,” or minute vertical tube formed at the axis of the cheese.
As the least tangle or kink in the coiling would, in running out, infallibly take somebody’s arm, leg, or entire body off, the utmost precaution is used in stowing the line in its tub.
Some harpooneers will consume almost an entire morning in this business, carrying the line high aloft and then reeving it downwards through a block towards the tub, so as in the act of coiling to free it from all possible wrinkles and twists.
In the English boats two tubs are used instead of one; the same line being continuously coiled in both tubs.
There is some advantage in this; because these twin-tubs being so small they fit more readily into the boat, and do not strain it so much; whereas, the American tub, nearly three feet in diameter and of proportionate depth, makes a rather bulky freight for a craft whose planks are but one half-inch in thickness; for the bottom of the whale-boat is like critical ice, which will bear up a considerable distributed weight, but not very much of a concentrated one.

“TOM!”
No answer.
“What's gone with that boy,  I wonder?
You TOM!”
No answer.
The old lady pulled her spectacles down and looked over them about the room; then she put them up and looked out under them.
She seldom or never looked through them for so small a thing as a boy; they were her state pair, the pride of her heart, and were built for “style,” not service she could have seen through a pair of stove-lids just as well.
She looked perplexed for a moment, and then said, not fiercely, but still loud enough for the furniture to hear:
“Well, I lay if I get hold of you I'll ”
She did not finish, for by this time she was bending down and punching under the bed with the broom, and so she needed breath to punctuate the punches with.
She resurrected nothing but the cat.
“I never did see the beat of that boy!”
She went to the open door and stood in it and looked out among the tomato vines and “jimpson” weeds that constituted the garden.
No Tom.
So she lifted up her voice at an angle calculated for distance and shouted:
“Y-o-u-u TOM!”
There was a slight noise behind her and she turned just in time to seize a small boy by the slack of his roundabout and arrest his flight.
“There!
I might 'a' thought of that closet.

"How much they must enjoy it!
But" (with a little return of anxiety) "it cannot be expected to last long.
At this time of the year, and after such a series of rain, we shall certainly have very little more of it.
Frosts will soon set in, and in all probability with severity.
In another day or two perhaps; this extreme mildness can hardly last longer nay, perhaps it may freeze tonight!"
"At any rate," said Elinor, wishing to prevent Mrs. Jennings from seeing her sister's thoughts as clearly as she did, "I dare say we shall have Sir John and Lady Middleton in town by the end of next week."
"Ay, my dear, I'll warrant you we do.
Mary always has her own way."
"And now," silently conjectured Elinor, "she will write to Combe by this day's post."
But if she DID, the letter was written and sent away with a privacy which eluded all her watchfulness to ascertain the fact.
Whatever the truth of it might be, and far as Elinor was from feeling thorough contentment about it, yet while she saw Marianne in spirits, she could not be very uncomfortable herself.
And Marianne was in spirits; happy in the mildness of the weather, and still happier in her expectation of a frost.

That evening, when little Two Eyes again left the supper they placed aside for her, Three Eyes said to her mother, "I know where the proud thing gets her good eating and drinking;" and then she described all she had seen in the field.
"I saw it all with one eye," she said; "for she had made my other two eyes close with her fine singing, but luckily the one in my forehead remained open."
Then the envious mother cried out to poor little Two Eyes, "You wish to have better food than we, do you?
You shall lose your wish!"
She took up a butcher's knife, went out, and stuck the good little goat in the heart, and it fell dead.
When little Two Eyes saw this, she went out into the field, seated herself on a mound, and wept most bitter tears.
Presently the wise woman stood again before her, and said, "Little Two Eyes, why do you weep?"
"Ah!"
she replied, "I must weep.
The goat, who every day spread my table so beautifully, has been killed by my mother, and I shall have again to suffer from hunger and sorrow."
"Little Two Eyes," said the wise woman, "I will give you some good advice.
Go home, and ask your sister to give you the heart of the slaughtered goat, and then go and bury it in the ground in front of the house-door."

Meg went back to toast her feet and read Ivanhoe, and Jo began to dig paths with great energy.
The snow was light, and with her broom she soon swept a path all round the garden, for Beth to walk in when the sun came out and the invalid dolls needed air.
Now, the garden separated the Marches' house from that of Mr. Laurence.
Both stood in a suburb of the city, which was still country-like, with groves and lawns, large gardens, and quiet streets.
A low hedge parted the two estates.
On one side was an old, brown house, looking rather bare and shabby, robbed of the vines that in summer covered its walls and the flowers, which then surrounded it.
On the other side was a stately stone mansion, plainly betokening every sort of comfort and luxury, from the big coach house and well-kept grounds to the conservatory and the glimpses of lovely things one caught between the rich curtains.
Yet it seemed a lonely, lifeless sort of house, for no children frolicked on the lawn, no motherly face ever smiled at the windows, and few people went in and out, except the old gentleman and his grandson.
To Jo's lively fancy, this fine house seemed a kind of enchanted palace, full of splendors and delights which no one enjoyed.
She had long wanted to behold these hidden glories, and to know the Laurence boy, who looked as if he would like to be known, if he only knew how to begin.
Since the party, she had been more eager than ever, and had planned many ways of making friends with him, but he had not been seen lately, and Jo began to think he had gone away, when she one day spied a brown face at an upper window, looking wistfully down into their garden, where Beth and Amy were snow-balling one another.
"That boy is suffering for society and fun," she said to herself.

Full of these remembrances, he came within sight of a lofty mountain, which the people thereabouts told him was called Parnassus.
On the slope of Mount Parnassus was the famous Delphi, whither Cadmus was going.
This Delphi was supposed to be the very midmost spot of the whole world.
The place of the oracle was a certain cavity in the mountain side, over which, when Cadmus came thither, he found a rude bower of branches.
It reminded him of those which he had helped to build for Phoenix and Cilix, and afterwards for Thasus.
In later times, when multitudes of people came from great distances to put questions to the oracle, a spacious temple of marble was erected over the spot.
But in the days of Cadmus, as I have told you, there was only this rustic bower, with its abundance of green foliage, and a tuft of shrubbery, that ran wild over the mysterious hole in the hillside.
When Cadmus had thrust a passage through the tangled boughs, and made his way into the bower, he did not at first discern the half-hidden cavity.
But soon he felt a cold stream of air rushing out of it, with so much force that it shook the ringlets on his cheek.
Pulling away the shrubbery which clustered over the hole, he bent forward, and spoke in a distinct but reverential tone, as if addressing some unseen personage inside of the mountain.
"Sacred oracle of Delphi," said he, "whither shall I go next in quest of my dear sister Europa?"
There was at first a deep silence, and then a rushing sound, or a noise like a long sigh, proceeding out of the interior of the earth.

He very naturally fell to studying her from this new point of view, and before the evening was half over, had decided that 'little Amy was going to make a very charming woman'.
It was a lively scene, for soon the spirit of the social season took possession of everyone, and Christmas merriment made all faces shine, hearts happy, and heels light.
The musicians fiddled, tooted, and banged as if they enjoyed it, everybody danced who could, and those who couldn't admired their neighbors with uncommon warmth.
The air was dark with Davises, and many Joneses gamboled like a flock of young giraffes.
The golden secretary darted through the room like a meteor with a dashing French-woman who carpeted the floor with her pink satin train.
The serene Teuton found the supper-table and was happy, eating steadily through the bill of fare, and dismayed the garcons by the ravages he committed.
But the Emperor's friend covered himself with glory, for he danced everything, whether he knew it or not, and introduced impromptu pirouettes when the figures bewildered him.
The boyish abandon of that stout man was charming to behold, for though he 'carried weight', he danced like an India-rubber ball.
He ran, he flew, he pranced, his face glowed, his bald head shown, his coattails waved wildly, his pumps actually twinkled in the air, and when the music stopped, he wiped the drops from his brow, and beamed upon his fellow men like a French Pickwick without glasses.
Amy and her Pole distinguished themselves by equal enthusiasm but more graceful agility, and Laurie found himself involuntarily keeping time to the rhythmic rise and fall of the white slippers as they flew by as indefatigably as if winged.
When little Vladimir finally relinquished her, with assurances that he was 'desolated to leave so early', she was ready to rest, and see how her recreant knight had borne his punishment.
It had been successful, for at three-and-twenty, blighted affections find a balm in friendly society, and young nerves will thrill, young blood dance, and healthy young spirits rise, when subjected to the enchantment of beauty, light, music, and motion.

Fortunately both belt and buckle were strong; so he hung safely, though very uncomfortably, while Tommy racked his boyish brain to find a way to help him.
Billy had just declared that he should be cut in two very soon if something was not done for him, and Tommy was in despair, when they thought they heard a far-off shout, and both answered it till their throats were nearly split with screaming.
"I seem to see a light moving round down that way," cried Billy from his hook, pointing toward the valley.
"They are looking for us, but they won't hear us.
I'll run and holler louder, and bring 'em up here," answered Tommy, glad to do anything that would put an end to this dreadful state of things.
"Don't leave me!
I may fall and be killed!
The bear might come!
Don't go!
don't go!"
wailed Billy, longing to drop, but afraid.
"I won't go far, and I'll come back as quick as I can.

"Welcome!
welcome!"
said the Tsar Archidei.
"Thy fame, korolevna Helena, reached me, but never could I imagine such beauty as is thine.
Yet, though I admire thee, I do not want to separate thee from thy father.
Say the word and my faithful servants will take thee back to him.
If thou choosest, however, to remain in my tzarstvo, be the tsaritza over my country and rule over me, the Tsar Archidei, also."
At these words of the Tsar the korolevna Helena threw such a glance at the Tsar that it seemed to him the sun was laughing, the moon singing, and the stars dancing all around.
Well, what more is there to be said?
You certainly can imagine the rest.
The courtship was not long and the wedding feast was soon ready, for you know kings always have everything at their command.
The brothers Simeon were at once dispatched to the king of Buzan with a message from the korolevna, his daughter, and this is what she wrote:
"Dear father, mighty king and sovereign: I have found a husband according to my heart's wish and I am asking thy fatherly blessing.

To preach the Truth to the face of Falsehood!
That was it!
“This, shipmates, this is that other lesson; and woe to that pilot of the living God who slights it.
Woe to him whom this world charms from Gospel duty!
Woe to him who seeks to pour oil upon the waters when God has brewed them into a gale!
Woe to him who seeks to please rather than to appal!
Woe to him whose good name is more to him than goodness!
Woe to him who, in this world, courts not dishonor!
Woe to him who would not be true, even though to be false were salvation!
Yea, woe to him who, as the great Pilot Paul has it, while preaching to others is himself a castaway!”
He dropped and fell away from himself for a moment; then lifting his face to them again, showed a deep joy in his eyes, as he cried out with a heavenly enthusiasm,—“But oh!
shipmates!
on the starboard hand of every woe, there is a sure delight; and higher the top of that delight, than the bottom of the woe is deep.

I am already close to the house, and I will return home to my papa who is waiting for me.
Who can tell how often the poor old man must have sighed yesterday when I did not come back!
I have been a bad son, indeed, and the Talking-cricket was right when he said 'Disobedient boys never come to any good in the world.'
I have found it to my cost, for many misfortunes have happened to me.
Even yesterday in Fire-eater's house I ran the risk.... Oh!
it makes me shudder only to think of it."
"Well, then," said the Fox, "you are quite decided to go home?
Go, then, and so much the worse for you."
"So much the worse for you!"
repeated the Cat.
"Think well of it, Pinocchio, for you are giving a kick to fortune."
"To fortune!"

He went down like a sack of coal over the bookcase, and at that moment I rather fancy the other gentleman must have got busy with his club.
At any rate, somebody suddenly loosed off some fifty thousand dollars' worth of fireworks, and the next thing I knew was that the curtain had risen for the next act on me, discovered sitting in a prison cell, with an out-size in lumps on my forehead."
He sighed again.
"What Peaceful Moments really needs," he said, "is a sitz-redacteur.
A sitz-redacteur, John, is a gentleman employed by German newspapers with a taste for lese-majeste to go to prison whenever required in place of the real editor.
The real editor hints in his bright and snappy editorial, for instance, that the Kaiser's mustache gives him bad dreams.
The police force swoops down in a body on the office of the journal, and are met by the sitz-redacteur, who goes with them cheerfully, allowing the editor to remain and sketch out plans for his next week's article on the Crown Prince.
We need a sitz-redacteur on Peaceful Moments almost as much as a fighting editor.
Not now, of course.
This has finished the thing.
You'll have to close down the paper now."
"Close it down!"

Long, long ago, when this old world was in its tender infancy, there was a child, named Epimetheus, who never had either father or mother; and, that he might not be lonely, another child, fatherless and motherless like himself, was sent from a far country, to live with him, and be his playfellow and helpmate.
Her name was Pandora.
The first thing that Pandora saw, when she entered the cottage where Epimetheus dwelt, was a great box.
And almost the first question which she put to him, after crossing the threshold, was this, 
“Epimetheus, what have you in that box?”
“My dear little Pandora,” answered Epimetheus, “that is a secret, and you must be kind enough not to ask any questions about it.
The box was left here to be kept safely, and I do not myself know what it contains.”
“But, who gave it to you?”  asked Pandora.
“And where did it come from?”
“That is a secret, too,” replied Epimetheus.
“How provoking!” exclaimed Pandora, pouting her lip.
“I wish the great ugly box were out of the way!”
“O come, don’t think of it, any more,” cried Epimetheus.
“Let us run out of doors, and have some nice play with the other children.”
It is thousands of years since Epimetheus and Pandora were alive; and the world, nowadays, is a very different sort of thing from what it was in their time.
Then, everybody was a child.
There needed no fathers and mothers to take care of the children; because there was no danger, nor trouble of any kind, and no clothes to be mended, and there was always plenty to eat and drink.
Whenever a child wanted his dinner, he found it growing on a tree; and, if he looked at the tree in the morning, he could see the expanding blossom of that night’s supper; or, at eventide, he saw the tender bud of to-morrow’s breakfast.

Why, I don’t believe you have even got silver buckles to your shoes as the Chamberlain’s nephew has”; and she got up from her chair and went into the house.
“What a silly thing Love is,” said the Student as he walked away.
“It is not half as useful as Logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true.
In fact, it is quite unpractical, and, as in this age to be practical is everything, I shall go back to Philosophy and study Metaphysics.”
So he returned to his room and pulled out a great dusty book, and began to read.
The Selfish Giant.
EVERY afternoon, as they were coming from school, the children used to go and play in the Giant’s garden.
It was a large lovely garden, with soft green grass.
Here and there over the grass stood beautiful flowers like stars, and there were twelve peach-trees that in the spring-time broke out into delicate blossoms of pink and pearl, and in the autumn bore rich fruit.
The birds sat on the trees and sang so sweetly that the children used to stop their games in order to listen to them.
“How happy we are here!” they cried to each other.
[Picture: Decorative graphic of children in garden]
One day the Giant came back.
He had been to visit his friend the Cornish ogre, and had stayed with him for seven years.

I have seen it.
Kala Nag took me, and I saw.
Also Kala Nag is very leg-weary!”
Little Toomai lay back and slept all through the long afternoon and into the twilight, and while he slept Petersen Sahib and Machua Appa followed the track of the two elephants for fifteen miles across the hills.
Petersen Sahib had spent eighteen years in catching elephants, and he had only once before found such a dance-place.
Machua Appa had no need to look twice at the clearing to see what had been done there, or to scratch with his toe in the packed, rammed earth.
“The child speaks truth,” said he.
“All this was done last night, and I have counted seventy tracks crossing the river.
See, Sahib, where Pudmini’s leg-iron cut the bark of that tree!
Yes; she was there too.”
They looked at one another and up and down, and they wondered.
For the ways of elephants are beyond the wit of any man, black or white, to fathom.
“Forty years and five,” said Machua Appa, “have I followed my lord, the elephant, but never have I heard that any child of man had seen what this child has seen.
By all the Gods of the Hills, it is what can we say?” and he shook his head.

“Noo, t'ain't,” that says.
“A-well, is that Methusalem?” says she.
“Noo, t'ain't that neither,” that says.
Then that looks at her with that's eyes like a coal o' fire, and that says: “Woman, there's only to-morrow night, and then you'll be mine!”
 And away it flew.
Well, she felt that horrid.
However, she heard the king coming along the passage.
In he came, and when he sees the five skeins, he says, says he, 
“Well, my dear,” says he, “I don't see but what you'll have your skeins ready to-morrow night as well, and as I reckon I shan't have to kill you, I'll have supper in here to-night.” So they brought supper, and another stool for him, and down the two sat.
Well, he hadn't eaten but a mouthful or so, when he stops and begins to laugh.
“What is it?” says she.
“A-why,” says he, “I was out a-hunting to-day, and I got away to a place in the wood I'd never seen before And there was an old chalk-pit.
And I heard a kind of a sort of a humming.
So I got off my hobby, and I went right quiet to the pit, and I looked down.

For the love of God, for the love of Christ!”
“Speak, Ivan Fedorovitch!
What are we to do?” cried Lizabetha Prokofievna, irritably.
“Please break your majestic silence!
I tell you, if you cannot come to some decision, I will stay here all night myself.
You have tyrannized over me enough, you autocrat!”
She spoke angrily, and in great excitement, and expected an immediate reply.
But in such a case, no matter how many are present, all prefer to keep silence: no one will take the initiative, but all reserve their comments till afterwards.
There were some present Varvara Ardalionovna, for instance who would have willingly sat there till morning without saying a word.
Varvara had sat apart all the evening without opening her lips, but she listened to everything with the closest attention; perhaps she had her reasons for so doing.
“My dear,” said the general, “it seems to me that a sick-nurse would be of more use here than an excitable person like you.
Perhaps it would be as well to get some sober, reliable man for the night.
In any case we must consult the prince, and leave the patient to rest at once.
Tomorrow we can see what can be done for him.”
“It is nearly midnight; we are going.

"I do hope it wasn't a dragon," said Sabrinetta.
The children went by twos and by threes and by tens and by twenties, and the red and blue and yellow and white of their frocks were scattered on the green of the field.
"It's like a green silk mantle worked with flowers," said the Princess, smiling.
Then by twos and by threes, by tens and by twenties, the children vanished into the wood, till the mantle of the field was left plain green once more.
"All the embroidery is unpicked," said the Princess, sighing.
The sun shone, and the sky was blue, and the fields were quite green, and all the flowers were very bright indeed, because it was May Day.
Then quite suddenly a cloud passed over the sun, and the silence was broken by shrieks from far off; and, like a many-colored torrent, all the children burst from the wood and rushed, a red and blue and yellow and white wave, across the field, screaming as they ran.
Their voices came up to the Princess on her tower, and she heard the words threaded on their screams like beads on sharp needles: "The dragon, the dragon, the dragon!
Open the gates!
The dragon is coming!
The fiery dragon!"
And they swept across the field and into the gate of the town, and the Princess heard the gate bang, and the children were out of sight but on the other side of the field the rose-thorns crackled and smashed in the hedge, and something very large and glaring and horrible trampled the ferns in the ditch for one moment before it hid itself again in the covert of the wood.

Enterprise is better than money, and there, sir, you have my whole system of economy, if you wish!” He addressed the prince, who warmly commended his sentiments, though Lebedeff whispered in his ear that this gentleman, who talked so much of his “property,” had never had either house or home.
Nearly an hour passed thus, and when tea was over the visitors seemed to think that it was time to go.
As they went out, the doctor and the old gentleman bade Muishkin a warm farewell, and all the rest took their leave with hearty protestations of good-will, dropping remarks to the effect that “it was no use worrying,” and that “perhaps all would turn out for the best,” and so on.
Some of the younger intruders would have asked for champagne, but they were checked by the older ones.
When all had departed, Keller leaned over to Lebedeff, and said:
“With you and me there would have been a scene.
We should have shouted and fought, and called in the police.
But he has simply made some new friends and such friends, too!
I know them!”
Lebedeff, who was slightly intoxicated, answered with a sigh:
“Things are hidden from the wise and prudent, and revealed unto babes.
I have applied those words to him before, but now I add that God has preserved the babe himself from the abyss, He and all His saints.”
At last, about half-past ten, the prince was left alone.
His head ached.
Colia was the last to go, after having helped him to change his wedding clothes.
They parted on affectionate terms, and, without speaking of what had happened, Colia promised to come very early the next day.

"Then how do you account, Mr. Wooster, for the fact that when I went yesterday afternoon to Blackwell's Island prison, to secure material for my book, I saw poor, dear Wilmot there, dressed in a striped suit, seated beside a pile of stones with a hammer in his hands?"
I tried to think of something to say, but nothing came.
A chappie has to be a lot broader about the forehead than I am to handle a jolt like this.
I strained the old bean till it creaked, but between the collar and the hair parting nothing stirred.
I was dumb.
Which was lucky, because I wouldn't have had a chance to get any persiflage out of my system.
Lady Malvern collared the conversation.
She had been bottling it up, and now it came out with a rush:
"So this is how you have looked after my poor, dear boy, Mr. Wooster!
So this is how you have abused my trust!
I left him in your charge, thinking that I could rely on you to shield him from evil.
He came to you innocent, unversed in the ways of the world, confiding, unused to the temptations of a large city, and you led him astray!"
I hadn't any remarks to make.

“She came up to me and said, ‘Do you know who the Pope of Rome is?’
‘I’ve heard of him,’ I said.
‘I suppose you’ve read the Universal History, Parfen Semeonovitch, haven’t you?’ she asked.
‘I’ve learned nothing at all,’ I said.
‘Then I’ll lend it to you to read.
You must know there was a Roman Pope once, and he was very angry with a certain Emperor; so the Emperor came and neither ate nor drank, but knelt before the Pope’s palace till he should be forgiven.
And what sort of vows do you think that Emperor was making during all those days on his knees?
Stop, I’ll read it to you!’ Then she read me a lot of verses, where it said that the Emperor spent all the time vowing vengeance against the Pope.
‘You don’t mean to say you don’t approve of the poem, Parfen Semeonovitch,’ she says.
‘All you have read out is perfectly true,’ say I.
‘Aha!’ says she, ‘you admit it’s true, do you?
And you are making vows to yourself that if I marry you, you will remind me of all this, and take it out of me.’ ‘I don’t know,’ I say, ‘perhaps I was thinking like that, and perhaps I was not.
I’m not thinking of anything just now.’ ‘What are your thoughts, then?’ ‘I’m thinking that when you rise from your chair and go past me, I watch you, and follow you with my eyes; if your dress does but rustle, my heart sinks; if you leave the room, I remember every little word and action, and what your voice sounded like, and what you said.

asked the ostler.
"What will I give?
Well, I will give you my fowl in exchange."
So he gave up the fowl and received the apples, which he carried into the inn parlor.
He leaned the sack carefully against the stove, and then went to the table.
But the stove was hot, and he had not thought of that.
Many guests were present horse-dealers, cattle-drovers, and two Englishmen.
The Englishmen were so rich that their pockets bulged and seemed ready to burst; and they could bet too, as you shall hear.
Hiss s s, hiss s s. What could that be by the stove?
The apples were beginning to roast.
"What is that?"
asked one.

(Ahab moving to go on deck; Pip catches him by the hand to follow.)
“Lad, lad, I tell thee thou must not follow Ahab now.
The hour is coming when Ahab would not scare thee from him, yet would not have thee by him.
There is that in thee, poor lad, which I feel too curing to my malady.
Like cures like; and for this hunt, my malady becomes my most desired health.
Do thou abide below here, where they shall serve thee, as if thou wert the captain.
Aye, lad, thou shalt sit here in my own screwed chair; another screw to it, thou must be.”
“No, no, no!
ye have not a whole body, sir; do ye but use poor me for your one lost leg; only tread upon me, sir; I ask no more, so I remain a part of ye.”
“Oh!
spite of million villains, this makes me a bigot in the fadeless fidelity of man!—and a black!
and crazy!—but methinks like-cures-like applies to him too; he grows so sane again.”
“They tell me, sir, that Stubb did once desert poor little Pip, whose drowned bones now show white, for all the blackness of his living skin.
But I will never desert ye, sir, as Stubb did him.
Sir, I must go with ye.”
“If thou speakest thus to me much more, Ahab’s purpose keels up in him.

There was nobody but Emily no one in the world.
And there she sat.
"I shall die presently," she said at first.
Emily simply stared.
"I can't bear this," said the poor child, trembling.
"I know I shall die.
I'm cold; I'm wet; I'm starving to death.
I've walked a thousand miles today, and they have done nothing but scold me from morning until night.
And because I could not find that last thing the cook sent me for, they would not give me any supper.
Some men laughed at me because my old shoes made me slip down in the mud.
I'm covered with mud now.
And they laughed.

"But you are looking at me just as the wicked eyes looked when I fell into the yard yesterday."
"Impertinent creature!"
exclaimed the Portuguese duck.
"Would you compare me with the cat that beast of prey?
There's not a drop of malicious blood in me.
I've taken your part, and now I'll teach you better manners."
So saying, she made a bite at the little singing-bird's head, and he fell to the ground dead.
"Now whatever is the meaning of this?"
she said.
"Could he not bear even such a little peck as I gave him?
Then, certainly, he was not made for this world.
I've been like a mother to him, I know that, for I've a good heart."

said the Princess, "I'm so fond of you that I couldn't help strewing them, when I knew that your heart lay under there."
"You don't say so," said the Giant; "but after all it doesn't lie there at all."
So when they went to bed again in the evening, the Princess asked the Giant again where his heart was, for she said she would so like to know.
"Well," said the Giant, "if you must know, it lies away yonder in the cupboard against the wall."
"So, so!"
thought Boots and the Princess; "then we'll soon try to find it."
Next morning the Giant was away early, and strode off to the wood, and so soon as he was gone Boots and the Princess were in the cupboard hunting for his heart, but the more they sought for it, the less they found it.
"Well," said the Princess, "we'll just try him once more."
So she decked out the cupboard with flowers and garlands, and when the time came for the Giant to come home, Boots crept under the bed again.
Then back came the Giant.
Snuff snuff!
"My eyes and limbs, what a smell of Christian blood there is in here!"

Down went Pew with a cry that rang high into the night; and the four hoofs trampled and spurned him and passed by.
He fell on his side, then gently collapsed upon his face and moved no more.
I leaped to my feet and hailed the riders.
They were pulling up, at any rate, horrified at the accident; and I soon saw what they were.
One, tailing out behind the rest, was a lad that had gone from the hamlet to Dr. Livesey's; the rest were revenue officers, whom he had met by the way, and with whom he had had the intelligence to return at once.
Some news of the lugger in Kitt's Hole had found its way to Supervisor Dance and set him forth that night in our direction, and to that circumstance my mother and I owed our preservation from death.
Pew was dead, stone dead.
As for my mother, when we had carried her up to the hamlet, a little cold water and salts and that soon brought her back again, and she was none the worse for her terror, though she still continued to deplore the balance of the money.
In the meantime the supervisor rode on, as fast as he could, to Kitt's Hole; but his men had to dismount and grope down the dingle, leading, and sometimes supporting, their horses, and in continual fear of ambushes; so it was no great matter for surprise that when they got down to the Hole the lugger was already under way, though still close in.
He hailed her.
A voice replied, telling him to keep out of the moonlight or he would get some lead in him, and at the same time a bullet whistled close by his arm.
Soon after, the lugger doubled the point and disappeared.

She looked suddenly, but attentively into his face, then at the window, as though thinking of something else, and then again at him.
“Perhaps she wants to laugh at me,” thought the prince, “but no; for if she did she certainly would do so.”
“Would you like some tea?
I’ll order some,” she said, after a minute or two of silence.
“N-no thanks, I don’t know ”
“Don’t know!
How can you not know?
By-the-by, look here if someone were to challenge you to a duel, what should you do?
I wished to ask you this some time ago ”
“Why?
Nobody would ever challenge me to a duel!”
“But if they were to, would you be dreadfully frightened?”
“I dare say I should be much alarmed!”
“Seriously?
Then are you a coward?”
“N-no!
I don’t think so.
A coward is a man who is afraid and runs away; the man who is frightened but does not run away, is not quite a coward,”
 said the prince with a smile, after a moment’s thought.
“And you wouldn’t run away?”
“No I don’t think I should run away,” replied the prince, laughing outright at last at Aglaya’s questions.

Domestic happiness is out of the question.
If, however, I am allowed to think that you and yours feel an interest in my fate and actions, it may be the means it may put me on my guard at least, it may be something to live for.
Marianne to be sure is lost to me for ever.
Were I even by any blessed chance at liberty again "
Elinor stopped him with a reproof.
"Well," he replied "once more good bye.
I shall now go away and live in dread of one event."
"What do you mean?"
"Your sister's marriage."
"You are very wrong.
She can never be more lost to you than she is now."
"But she will be gained by some one else.
And if that some one should be the very he whom, of all others, I could least bear but I will not stay to rob myself of all your compassionate goodwill, by shewing that where I have most injured I can least forgive.

"So he is," said the green man, "and he rules the Emerald City wisely and well.
But to those who are not honest, or who approach him from curiosity, he is most terrible, and few have ever dared ask to see his face.
I am the Guardian of the Gates, and since you demand to see the Great Oz I must take you to his Palace.
But first you must put on the spectacles."
"Why?"
asked Dorothy.
"Because if you did not wear spectacles the brightness and glory of the Emerald City would blind you.
Even those who live in the City must wear spectacles night and day.
They are all locked on, for Oz so ordered it when the City was first built, and I have the only key that will unlock them."
He opened the big box, and Dorothy saw that it was filled with spectacles of every size and shape.
All of them had green glasses in them.
The Guardian of the Gates found a pair that would just fit Dorothy and put them over her eyes.

I forgot the confounded jelly, but it can't be helped now," said John, surveying the prospect with an anxious eye.
"You ought to have sent word, or told me this morning, and you ought to have remembered how busy I was," continued Meg petulantly, for even turtledoves will peck when ruffled.
"I didn't know it this morning, and there was no time to send word, for I met him on the way out.
I never thought of asking leave, when you have always told me to do as I liked.
I never tried it before, and hang me if I ever do again!"
added John, with an aggrieved air.
"I should hope not!
Take him away at once.
I can't see him, and there isn't any dinner."
"Well, I like that!
Where's the beef and vegetables I sent home, and the pudding you promised?"
cried John, rushing to the larder.

"You will go to a nice house where there will be a lot of little girls, and you will play together, and I will send you plenty of books, and you will grow so fast that it will seem scarcely a year before you are big enough and clever enough to come back and take care of papa."
She had liked to think of that.
To keep the house for her father; to ride with him, and sit at the head of his table when he had dinner parties; to talk to him and read his books that would be what she would like most in the world, and if one must go away to "the place" in England to attain it, she must make up her mind to go.
She did not care very much for other little girls, but if she had plenty of books she could console herself.
She liked books more than anything else, and was, in fact, always inventing stories of beautiful things and telling them to herself.
Sometimes she had told them to her father, and he had liked them as much as she did.
"Well, papa," she said softly, "if we are here I suppose we must be resigned."
He laughed at her old-fashioned speech and kissed her.
He was really not at all resigned himself, though he knew he must keep that a secret.
His quaint little Sara had been a great companion to him, and he felt he should be a lonely fellow when, on his return to India, he went into his bungalow knowing he need not expect to see the small figure in its white frock come forward to meet him.
So he held her very closely in his arms as the cab rolled into the big, dull square in which stood the house which was their destination.
It was a big, dull, brick house, exactly like all the others in its row, but that on the front door there shone a brass plate on which was engraved in black letters:
MISS MINCHIN, 
Select Seminary for Young Ladies.

happy house, could you know what I suffer in now viewing you from this spot, from whence perhaps I may view you no more!
And you, ye well-known trees!
but you will continue the same.
No leaf will decay because we are removed, nor any branch become motionless although we can observe you no longer!
No; you will continue the same; unconscious of the pleasure or the regret you occasion, and insensible of any change in those who walk under your shade!
But who will remain to enjoy you?"
CHAPTER 6 
The first part of their journey was performed in too melancholy a disposition to be otherwise than tedious and unpleasant.
But as they drew towards the end of it, their interest in the appearance of a country which they were to inhabit overcame their dejection, and a view of Barton Valley as they entered it gave them cheerfulness.
It was a pleasant fertile spot, well wooded, and rich in pasture.
After winding along it for more than a mile, they reached their own house.
A small green court was the whole of its demesne in front; and a neat wicket gate admitted them into it.
As a house, Barton Cottage, though small, was comfortable and compact; but as a cottage it was defective, for the building was regular, the roof was tiled, the window shutters were not painted green, nor were the walls covered with honeysuckles.

There was dignity, a great deal of dignity, about him, and it was so inconsistent with the look of him that, I assure you, it was quite comical.
But there was no anger.
Perhaps he merely began to despise me at that moment.
“Since that time he has always taken off his hat to me on the stairs, whenever I met him, which is a thing he never did before; but he always gets away from me as quickly as he can, as though he felt confused.
If he did despise me, he despised me ‘meekly,’ after his own fashion.
“I dare say he only took his hat off out of fear, as it were, to the son of his creditor; for he always owed my mother money.
I thought of having an explanation with him, but I knew that if I did, he would begin to apologize in a minute or two, so I decided to let him alone.
“Just about that time, that is, the middle of March, I suddenly felt very much better; this continued for a couple of weeks.
I used to go out at dusk.
I like the dusk, especially in March, when the night frost begins to harden the day’s puddles, and the gas is burning.
“Well, one night in the Shestilavochnaya, a man passed me with a paper parcel under his arm.
I did not take stock of him very carefully, but he seemed to be dressed in some shabby summer dust-coat, much too light for the season.

Having been shown into the royal presence, he bowed and said:
"Sire, my Lord the Marquis of Carabas has commanded me to present these rabbits to your Majesty, with his respects."
The monarch having desired his thanks to be given to the Marquis (who, as you will guess, was really our poor Jack), then ordered his head cook to dress the rabbits for dinner, and he and his daughter partook of them with great enjoyment.
Day by day Puss brought home stores of good food, so that he and his master lived in plenty, and besides that, he did not fail to keep the King and his courtiers well supplied with game.
Sometimes he would lay a brace of partridges at the royal feet, sometimes a fine large hare, but whatever it was, it always came with the same message: "From my Lord the Marquis of Carabas"; so that everyone at Court was talking of this strange nobleman, whom no one had ever seen, but who sent such generous presents to his Majesty.
At length Puss decided that it was time for his master to be introduced at Court.
So one day he persuaded him to go and bathe in a river near, having heard that the King would soon pass that way.
Jack stood shivering up to his neck in water, wondering what was to happen next, when suddenly the King's carriage appeared in sight.
At once Puss began to call out as loudly as he could:
"Help, help!
My Lord the Marquis of Carabas is drowning!"
The King put his head out of the carriage window and, recognizing the cat, ordered his attendants to go to the assistance of the Marquis.
While Jack was being taken out of the water, Puss ran to the King and told him that some robbers had run off with his master's clothes whilst he was bathing, the truth of the matter being that the cunning cat had hidden them under a stone.
On hearing this story the King instantly despatched one of his grooms to fetch a handsome suit of purple and gold from the royal wardrobe, and arrayed in this, Jack, who was a fine, handsome fellow, looked so well that no one for a moment supposed but that he was some noble foreign lord.

THE END.
PLAIN TALES OF THE NORTH 
                    
I know a lonely grave far north in Saskatchewan.
It lies on a high bank, facing a small lake, under a cluster of old jack-pines.
There is no cross on that grave, neither is there a name.
Four logs, nailed in a square and half-buried in the grey moss, mark the spot where fifteen years ago two old Indians, man and wife, dug a hole six by four and laid to rest a white woman, a mere girl, a bride of a few months.
Fifteen years have passed.
But after all these years her memory still lingers with the few Indians who saw her come into the wilderness, wither under the fierce blast of the Arctic winter and die as the snow left the ground and spring came.
She was an American of gentle birth, refined and delicate.
Her husband brought her there in a spirit of adventure.
He was a strong man, rough and accustomed to the North.
She loved him.
She struggled bravely through the winter, but the fierce Arctic climate, the utter solitude, the coarse food—these she could not stand.

I felt I wanted to do all sorts of other things to show Jeeves that I appreciated him.
"Jeeves," I said, "it isn't enough.
Is there anything else you would like?"
"Yes, sir.
If I may make the suggestion fifty dollars."
"Fifty dollars?"
"It will enable me to pay a debt of honour, sir.
I owe it to his lordship."
"You owe Lord Pershore fifty dollars?"
"Yes, sir.
I happened to meet him in the street the night his lordship was arrested.
I had been thinking a good deal about the most suitable method of inducing him to abandon his mode of living, sir.

‘I feel strangely tired, Rat,’ said the Mole, leaning wearily over his oars as the boat drifted.
‘It’s being up all night, you’ll say, perhaps; but that’s nothing.
We do as much half the nights of the week, at this time of the year.
No; I feel as if I had been through something very exciting and rather terrible, and it was just over; and yet nothing particular has happened.’
‘Or something very surprising and splendid and beautiful,’ murmured the Rat, leaning back and closing his eyes.
‘I feel just as you do, Mole; simply dead tired, though not body tired.
It’s lucky we’ve got the stream with us, to take us home.
Isn’t it jolly to feel the sun again, soaking into one’s bones!
And hark to the wind playing in the reeds!’
‘It’s like music far away music,’ said the Mole nodding drowsily.
‘So I was thinking,’ murmured the Rat, dreamful and languid.
‘Dance-music the lilting sort that runs on without a stop but with words in it, too it passes into words and out of them again I catch them at intervals then it is dance-music once more, and then nothing but the reeds’ soft thin whispering.’
‘You hear better than I,’ said the Mole sadly.
‘I cannot catch the words.’
‘Let me try and give you them,’ said the Rat softly, his eyes still closed.
‘Now it is turning into words again faint but clear Lest the awe should dwell And turn your frolic to fret You shall look on my power at the helping hour But then you shall forget!

answered the little comet, slowly, for he was ashamed to say boldly, as he ought to have done, that it was against the orders of the Comet Master.
"Oh, gammon!"
cried the meteor, with another skip.
"I know!
Comet Master, eh?
But a fine high-spirited young fellow like you isn't going to be afraid of that old tyrant.
Come along, I say!
If there were any real reason why you should not speak to me "
"That's just what I say," interrupted the comet, eagerly.
"What IS the reason?
Why don't they tell it to me?"
"'Cause there isn't any!"
rejoined the meteor.

Dost see that leg?—I’ll take that leg away from thy stern, if ever thou talkest of the marchant service to me again.
Marchant service indeed!
I suppose now ye feel considerable proud of having served in those marchant ships.
But flukes!
man, what makes thee want to go a whaling, eh?—it looks a little suspicious, don’t it, eh?—Hast not been a pirate, hast thou?—Didst not rob thy last Captain, didst thou?—Dost not think of murdering the officers when thou gettest to sea?”
I protested my innocence of these things.
I saw that under the mask of these half humorous innuendoes, this old seaman, as an insulated Quakerish Nantucketer, was full of his insular prejudices, and rather distrustful of all aliens, unless they hailed from Cape Cod or the Vineyard.
“But what takes thee a-whaling?
I want to know that before I think of shipping ye.”
“Well, sir, I want to see what whaling is.
I want to see the world.”
“Want to see what whaling is, eh?
Have ye clapped eye on Captain Ahab?”
“Who is Captain Ahab, sir?”
“Aye, aye, I thought so.
Captain Ahab is the Captain of this ship.”
“I am mistaken then.
I thought I was speaking to the Captain himself.”
“Thou art speaking to Captain Peleg—that’s who ye are speaking to, young man.

So the seven Princes rode through the wood until they came to the place where the seven Princesses sat crying and wringing their hands.
At the sight of them the young Princes were very much astonished, and still more so on learning their story; and they settled that each should take one of these poor forlorn ladies home with him, and marry her.
So the first and eldest Prince took the eldest Princess home with him, and married her.
And the second took the second; 
And the third took the third; 
And the fourth took the fourth; 
And the fifth took the fifth; 
And the sixth took the sixth; 
And the seventh, and the handsomest of all, took the beautiful Balna.
And when they got to their own land, there was great rejoicing throughout the kingdom, at the marriage of the seven young Princes to seven such beautiful Princesses.
About a year after this Balna had a little son, and his uncles and aunts were so fond of the boy that it was as if he had seven fathers and seven mothers.
None of the other Princes and Princesses had any children, so the son of the seventh Prince and Balna was acknowledged their heir by all the rest.
They had thus lived very happily for some time, when one fine day the seventh Prince (Balna's husband) said he would go out hunting, and away he went; and they waited long for him, but he never came back.
Then his six brothers said they would go and see what had become of him; and they went away, but they also did not return.
And the seven Princesses grieved very much, for they feared that their kind husbands must have been killed.
One day, not long after this had happened, as Balna was rocking her baby's cradle, and whilst her sisters were working in the room below, there came to the palace door a man in a long black dress, who said that he was a Fakir, and came to beg.
The servants said to him, "You cannot go into the palace the Raja's sons have all gone away; we think they must be dead, and their widows cannot be interrupted by your begging."

Then he would have been ruined if he had not had the little hat.
But his hands were scarcely at liberty before he turned it twice.
Immediately the cannon began to thunder, and struck down everything, and the King’s daughter herself was forced to come and beg for mercy.
As she entreated in such moving terms, and promised amendment, he allowed himself to be persuaded and granted her peace.
She behaved in a friendly manner to him, and acted as if she loved him very much, and after some time managed so to befool him, that he confided to her that even if someone got the knapsack into his power, he could do nothing against him so long as the old hat was still his.
When she knew the secret, she waited until he was asleep, and then she took the hat away from him, and had it thrown out into the street.
But the horn still remained to him, and in great anger he blew it with all his strength.
Instantly all walls, fortifications, towns, and villages, toppled down, and crushed the King and his daughter to death.
And had he not put down the horn and had blown just a little longer, everything would have been in ruins, and not one stone would have been left standing on another.
Then no one opposed him any longer, and he made himself King of the whole country.
55 Rumpelstiltskin 
Once there was a miller who was poor, but who had a beautiful daughter.
Now it happened that he had to go and speak to the King, and in order to make himself appear important he said to him, “I have a daughter who can spin straw into gold.” The King said to the miller, “That is an art which pleases me well; if your daughter is as clever as you say, bring her to-morrow to my palace, and I will try what she can do.”
And when the girl was brought to him he took her into a room which was quite full of straw, gave her a spinning-wheel and a reel, and said, “Now set to work, and if by to-morrow morning early you have not spun this straw into gold during the night, you must die.” Thereupon he himself locked up the room, and left her in it alone.

Mamma and Nurse went out one day     And left her all alone at play.
Now, on the table close at hand,     A box of matches chanced to stand;     And kind Mamma and Nurse had told her,     That, if she touched them, they would scold her.
But Harriet said: "Oh, what a pity!
For, when they burn, it is so pretty;     They crackle so, and spit, and flame:
Mamma, too, often does the same."
The pussy-cats heard this,     And they began to hiss,     And stretch their claws,     And raise their paws;     "Me-ow," they said, "me-ow, me-o,     You'll burn to death, if you do so."
But Harriet would not take advice:
She lit a match, it was so nice!
It crackled so, it burned so clear 
Exactly like the picture here.
She jumped for joy and ran about     And was too pleased to put it out.
The Pussy-cats saw this     And said: "Oh, naughty, naughty Miss!"
And stretched their claws,     And raised their paws:
"'Tis very, very wrong, you know,     Me-ow, me-o, me-ow, me-o,     You will be burnt, if you do so."
And see!
oh, what dreadful thing!

“This Godfrey Norton was evidently an important factor in the matter.
He was a lawyer.
That sounded ominous.
What was the relation between them, and what the object of his repeated visits?
Was she his client, his friend, or his mistress?
If the former, she had probably transferred the photograph to his keeping.
If the latter, it was less likely.
On the issue of this question depended whether I should continue my work at Briony Lodge, or turn my attention to the gentleman’s chambers in the Temple.
It was a delicate point, and it widened the field of my inquiry.
I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation.”
“I am following you closely,” I answered.
“I was still balancing the matter in my mind when a hansom cab drove up to Briony Lodge, and a gentleman sprang out.
He was a remarkably handsome man, dark, aquiline, and moustached—evidently the man of whom I had heard.

and Jo looked as much scandalized as if Amy and little Parker were not yet in their teens.
"It's a fast age, and I don't know what we are coming to, ma'am.
You are a mere infant, but you'll go next, Jo, and we'll be left lamenting," said Laurie, shaking his head over the degeneracy of the times.
"Don't be alarmed.
I'm not one of the agreeable sort.
Nobody will want me, and it's a mercy, for there should always be one old maid in a family."
"You won't give anyone a chance," said Laurie, with a sidelong glance and a little more color than before in his sunburned face.
"You won't show the soft side of your character, and if a fellow gets a peep at it by accident and can't help showing that he likes it, you treat him as Mrs. Gummidge did her sweetheart, throw cold water over him, and get so thorny no one dares touch or look at you."
"I don't like that sort of thing.
I'm too busy to be worried with nonsense, and I think it's dreadful to break up families so.
Now don't say any more about it.
Meg's wedding has turned all our heads, and we talk of nothing but lovers and such absurdities.

Realizing he was late for dinner, Toto hurried to the nearest palace entrance and ran as quickly as he could to the Grand Dining Room.
As he entered, the first course of the meal was being served, and a ripple of conversation rose from the two tables.
The Scarecrow and Scraps were chatting together.
Betsy was telling Trot about the lovely wild flowers she had found, and the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger were discussing a visit they planned to their old jungle home in the forest far to the south in the Quadling Country.
In spite of the apparent atmosphere of gayety, this gathering was not at all like the merry company that usually assembled in the dining room for the evening meal.
First of all, the absence of the radiant Ozma was keenly felt by the entire gathering, and this automatically subdued the spirit of the occasion.
Next, no one at the table had failed to note and wonder at the fact that Dorothy and the Wizard usually so cheerful and cordial had merely nodded unsmilingly to their assembled friends as they had taken their places at the head of the table.
Finally, Scraps, the Scarecrow, Trot and Cap'n Bill, unable to forget the strange conversation they had overheard in the garden earlier in the day, stole curious glances at Dorothy and the Wizard, seeking some clue to their unusual behavior.
As Toto trotted into the dining room, his bright little eyes immediately sought out his mistress.
Toto stopped short; his body became tense with excitement.
He barked loudly and then growled, "Where's Dorothy?"
In the silence that fell over the dining room at the dog's unusual actions, Toto repeated his question.

"My trade is no trade," answered the sixth Simeon, rather humbly.
"If my brother shoots a bird or a beast, never mind what or where, I can catch it before it falls down, catch it even better than a hunting dog.
If the prey should fall into the blue sea, I'll find it at the sea's bottom; should it fall into the depth of the dark woods, I'll find it there in the midst of night; should it get caught in a cloud, I'll find it even there."
The Tsar Archidei evidently liked the trade of the sixth Simeon very well also.
These were all simple trades, you see, without any wisdom whatever, but rather entertaining.
The Tsar also liked the peasants'
speech, and he said to them:
"Thanks, my peasants, tillers of the soil, my faithful workers.
Your father's words are true ones: 'A trade is not a burden, but a profit.'
Now come to my capital for a trial; people like you are welcome.
And when the season for harvest arrives, the time to reap, to bind in bundles the golden grain, to thresh and carry the wheat to the market, I will let you go home with my royal grace."
Then all the seven Simeons bowed very low.
"Thine is the will," said they, "and we are thy obedient subjects."
Here the Tsar Archidei looked at the youngest Simeon and remembered that he had not asked him about his trade.

Yells of agony from panic-stricken speculators around the ring began to smite the rafters.
The Cyclone, now but a gentle breeze, clutched repeatedly, hanging on like a leech till removed by the red-jerseyed referee.
Suddenly a grisly silence fell upon the house.
For the Kid, battered, but obviously content, was standing in the middle of the ring, while on the ropes the Cyclone, drooping like a wet sock, was sliding slowly to the floor.
"Peaceful Moments wins," said Smith.
"An omen, I fancy, Comrade John."
Penetrating into the Kid's dressing-room some moments later, the editorial staff found the winner of the ten-round exhibition bout between members of the club seated on a chair having his right leg rubbed by a shock-headed man in a sweater, who had been one of his seconds during the conflict.
The Kid beamed as they entered.
"Gents," he said, "come right in.
Mighty glad to see you."
"It is a relief to me, Comrade Brady," said Smith, "to find that you can see us.
I had expected to find that Comrade Fisher's purposeful wallops had completely closed your star-likes."

where, when seamen fall overboard, they are sometimes found, months afterwards, perpendicularly frozen into the hearts of fields of ice, as a fly is found glued in amber.
But more surprising is it to know, as has been proved by experiment, that the blood of a Polar whale is warmer than that of a Borneo negro in summer.
It does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue of a strong individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick walls, and the rare virtue of interior spaciousness.
Oh, man!
admire and model thyself after the whale!
Do thou, too, remain warm among ice.
Do thou, too, live in this world without being of it.
Be cool at the equator; keep thy blood fluid at the Pole.
Like the great dome of St. Peter’s, and like the great whale, retain, O man!
in all seasons a temperature of thine own.
But how easy and how hopeless to teach these fine things!
Of erections, how few are domed like St. Peter’s!

It sounded like a riddle, but it was obvious that Mr. Jarvis's motive in putting the question was not frivolous.
He really wished to know.
"The word, as Comrade Maude was just about to observe," said Smith, "is a corruption of catmint.
Why it should be so corrupted I do not know.
But what of that?
The subject is too deep to be gone fully into at the moment.
I should recommend you to read Mr. Maude's little brochure on the matter.
Passing lightly on from that "
"Did youse ever have a cat dat ate bettles?"
enquired Mr. Jarvis.
"There was a time when many of Comrade Maude's Felidae supported life almost entirely on beetles."
"Did they git thin?"
John felt it was time, if he were to preserve his reputation, to assert himself.

In that same workhouse, where his authority had formerly been so considerable, Mr. Bumble came as a pauper to die.
Tragic was the fate of poor Nancy.
Suspected by Fagin of plotting against her accomplices, the Jew so worked on Sikes that the savage housebreaker murdered her.
But neither Fagin nor Sikes escaped.
For the Jew was taken and condemned to death, and in the condemned cell came the recollection to him of all the men he had known who had died upon the scaffold, some of them through his means.
Sikes, when the news of Nancy's murder got abroad, was hunted by a furious crowd.
He had taken refuge in an old, disreputable uninhabited house, known to his accomplices, which stood right over the Thames, in Jacob's Island, not far from Dockhead; but the pursuit was hot, and the only chance of safety lay in getting to the river.
At the very moment when the crowd was forcing its way into the house, Sikes made a running noose to slip beneath his arm-pits, and so lower himself to a ditch beneath.
He was out on the roof, and then, when the loop was over his head, the face of the murdered girl seemed to stare at him.
"The eyes again!"
he cried, in an unearthly screech, and threw up his arms in horror.
Staggering, as if struck by lightning, he lost his balance and tumbled over the parapet.

As he did so, the bird spread its wings and flew, swiftly out across the sea in the direction of Japan.
Such was the willfulness of the man's nature that he looked back and regretted all he had left behind.
He tried to stop the bird in vain.
The crane held on its way for thousands of miles across the ocean.
Then a storm came on, and the wonderful paper crane got damp, crumpled up, and fell into the sea.
Sentaro fell with it.
Very much frightened at the thought of being drowned, he cried out loudly to Jofuku to save him.
He looked round, but there was no ship in sight.
He swallowed a quantity of sea-water, which only increased his miserable plight.
While he was thus struggling to keep himself afloat, he saw a monstrous shark swimming towards him.
As it came nearer it opened its huge mouth ready to devour him.
Sentaro was all but paralyzed with fear now that he felt his end so near, and screamed out as loudly as ever he could to Jofuku to come and rescue him.

When these boys were born, they sat up and told their mother and the other people that they were not people, but were 'thunders,' and that they would grow up quickly.
"'When we shall have been on earth a while, we shall marry, and stay until we each have four sons of our own, then we shall go away and again become "thunders,"' they said.
"It all came to pass, just as they said it would.
When they had married good women and each had four sons, they told the people one day that it was time for them to go away forever.
"There was much sorrow among the people, for the twins were good men and taught many good things which we have never forgotten, but everybody knew it had to be as they said.
While they lived with us, these twins could heal the sick and tell just what was going to happen on earth.
"One day at noon the twins dressed themselves in their finest clothes and went out to a park in the forest.
All the people followed them and saw them lie down on the ground in the park.
The people stayed in the timber that grew about the edge of the park, and watched them until clouds and mists gathered about and hid them from view.
"It thundered loudly and the winds blew; trees fell down; and when the mists and clouds cleared away, they were gone gone forever.
But the people have never forgotten them, and my grandfather, who is in the ground near Rocker, was a descendant from one of the sons of the 'thunders.'
Ho!"

"It is a shame," he said.
"Our beautiful eggs will be chilled, and it will be all her fault if we have no Owlets this summer."
You see, even then he did not seem to think that he could do anything to keep them warm.
But the next time he looked in, he put one feathered foot on the round eggs and was surprised to find how cool they were.
It fairly made his head feathers stand on end to think of it, and he was so frightened that he forgot to be cross, and stepped right in and covered them with his own breast.
What if they had already been left too long, and the Owlets within would never hatch?
Would Mrs. Owl ever forgive him for being so stupid?
He began to wonder if any of the other fellows would see him.
He thought it so absurd for the king of the forest to be hatching out a couple of eggs, instead of swooping around in the dark and frightening the smaller birds.
The night seemed so long, too.
It had always been short enough before, and he had often disliked to have daylight come, for then he had to go to bed.
He was very much upset, and it is no wonder that when he heard a doleful wail from a neighboring tree, and knew that his cousin, the Screech Owl, was near, he raised his head and called loudly, "Hoo-hoo-oooo!

said Chimborazo.
"No, ma'am, I don't!"
"Well," said the godmother, "I am going to give you one."
"Oh, dear!"
said Chimborazo, "I don't want one."
"Probably not," replied she, "but that doesn't make much difference.
You have it now, in your jacket pocket."
Chimborazo felt in his pocket, and took out a queer-looking instrument of shining metal.
"Oh, dear!"
he said.
"'Oh, dear!'
it is!"

Colin turned his head, frowning.
“Am I queer?” he demanded.
“Yes,” answered Mary, “very.
But you needn’t be cross,” she added impartially, “because so am I queer—and so is Ben Weatherstaff.
But I am not as queer as I was before I began to like people and before I found the garden.”
“I don’t want to be queer,” said Colin.
“I am not going to be,” and he frowned again with determination.
He was a very proud boy.
He lay thinking for a while and then Mary saw his beautiful smile begin and gradually change his whole face.
“I shall stop being queer,” he said, “if I go every day to the garden.
There is Magic in there—good Magic, you know, Mary.
I am sure there is.”
“So am I,” said Mary.
“Even if it isn’t real Magic,” Colin said, “we can pretend it is.

“If that doctor was aboard,” he said, “I'd be right enough in a couple of turns, but I don't have no manner of luck, you see, and that's what's the matter with me.
As for that swab, he's good and dead, he is,” he added, indicating the man with the red cap.
“He warn't no seaman anyhow.
And where mought you have come from?”
“Well,” said I, “I've come aboard to take possession of this ship, Mr.
Hands; and you'll please regard me as your captain until further notice.”
He looked at me sourly enough but said nothing.
Some of the colour had come back into his cheeks, though he still looked very sick and still continued to slip out and settle down as the ship banged about.
“By the by,” I continued, “I can't have these colours, Mr.
Hands; and by your leave, I'll strike 'em.
Better none than these.”
And again dodging the boom, I ran to the colour lines, handed down their cursed black flag, and chucked it overboard.
“God save the king!” said I, waving my cap.
“And there's an end to Captain Silver!”
He watched me keenly and slyly, his chin all the while on his breast.
“I reckon,” he said at last, “I reckon, Cap'n Hawkins, you'll kind of want to get ashore now.

"He is on the sea now, Emily," she had said.
"We must be very great friends to each other and tell each other things.
Emily, look at me.
You have the nicest eyes I ever saw but I wish you could speak."
She was a child full of imaginings and whimsical thoughts, and one of her fancies was that there would be a great deal of comfort in even pretending that Emily was alive and really heard and understood.
After Mariette had dressed her in her dark-blue schoolroom frock and tied her hair with a dark-blue ribbon, she went to Emily, who sat in a chair of her own, and gave her a book.
"You can read that while I am downstairs," she said; and, seeing Mariette looking at her curiously, she spoke to her with a serious little face.
"What I believe about dolls," she said, "is that they can do things they will not let us know about.
Perhaps, really, Emily can read and talk and walk, but she will only do it when people are out of the room.
That is her secret.
You see, if people knew that dolls could do things, they would make them work.
So, perhaps, they have promised each other to keep it a secret.

“I need a caulker, for there's trouble on hand.
And talking o' trouble, why did that doctor give me the chart, Jim?”
My face expressed a wonder so unaffected that he saw the needlessness of further questions.
“Ah, well, he did, though,” said he.
“And there's something under that, no doubt something, surely, under that, Jim bad or good.”
And he took another swallow of the brandy, shaking his great fair head like a man who looks forward to the worst.
29 
The Black Spot Again 
THE council of buccaneers had lasted some time, when one of them re-entered the house, and with a repetition of the same salute, which had in my eyes an ironical air, begged for a moment's loan of the torch.
Silver briefly agreed, and this emissary retired again, leaving us together in the dark.
“There's a breeze coming, Jim,” said Silver, who had by this time adopted quite a friendly and familiar tone.
I turned to the loophole nearest me and looked out.
The embers of the great fire had so far burned themselves out and now glowed so low and duskily that I understood why these conspirators desired a torch.
About half-way down the slope to the stockade, they were collected in a group; one held the light, another was on his knees in their midst, and I saw the blade of an open knife shine in his hand with varying colours in the moon and torchlight.
The rest were all somewhat stooping, as though watching the manoeuvres of this last.
I could just make out that he had a book as well as a knife in his hand, and was still wondering how anything so incongruous had come in their possession when the kneeling figure rose once more to his feet and the whole party began to move together towards the house.

In the meantime you shall all be treated as my guests, and while you live in the Palace my people will wait upon you and obey your slightest wish.
There is only one thing I ask in return for my help such as it is.
You must keep my secret and tell no one I am a humbug."
They agreed to say nothing of what they had learned, and went back to their rooms in high spirits.
Even Dorothy had hope that "The Great and Terrible Humbug," as she called him, would find a way to send her back to Kansas, and if he did she was willing to forgive him everything.
16.
The Magic Art of the Great Humbug 
Next morning the Scarecrow said to his friends:
"Congratulate me.
I am going to Oz to get my brains at last.
When I return I shall be as other men are."
"I have always liked you as you were," said Dorothy simply.
"It is kind of you to like a Scarecrow," he replied.
"But surely you will think more of me when you hear the splendid thoughts my new brain is going to turn out."

That ain't bad for a man before the mast all safe in bank.
'Tain't earning now, it's saving does it, you may lay to that.
Where's all England's men now?
I dunno.
Where's Flint's?
Why, most on 'em aboard here, and glad to get the duff been begging before that, some on 'em.
Old Pew, as had lost his sight, and might have thought shame, spends twelve hundred pound in a year, like a lord in Parliament.
Where is he now?
Well, he's dead now and under hatches; but for two year before that, shiver my timbers, the man was starving!
He begged, and he stole, and he cut throats, and starved at that, by the powers!”
“Well, it ain't much use, after all,” said the young seaman.
“'Tain't much use for fools, you may lay to it that, nor nothing,”
 cried Silver.
“But now, you look here: you're young, you are, but you're as smart as paint.

The man asked Hans whither he was journeying?
“To the Griffin,” said Hans.
“Then when you get to him,” said the man, “just ask him why I am forced to carry everybody over the lake.” “Yes, indeed, most certainly I’ll do that,” said Hans.
Then the man took him up on his shoulders, and carried him across.
At length Hans arrived at the Griffin’s house, but the wife only was at home, and not the Griffin himself.
Then the woman asked him what he wanted?
Thereupon he told her everything;—that he had to get a feather out of the Griffin’s tail, and that there was a castle where they had lost the key of their money-chest, and he was to ask the Griffin where it was?—that in another castle the daughter was ill, and he was to learn what would cure her?—and then not far from thence there was a lake and a man beside it, who was forced to carry people across it, and he was very anxious to learn why the man was obliged to do it.
Then said the woman, “But look here, my good friend, no Christian can speak to the Griffin; he devours them all; but if you like, you can lie down under his bed, and in the night, when he is quite fast asleep, you can reach out and pull a feather out of his tail, and as for those things which you are to learn, I will ask about them myself.” Hans was quite satisfied with this, and got under the bed.
In the evening, the Griffin came home, and as soon as he entered the room, said, “Wife, I smell a Christian.”
“Yes,” said the woman, “one was here to-day, but he went away again;”
and on that the Griffin said no more.
In the middle of the night when the Griffin was snoring loudly, Hans reached out and plucked a feather from his tail.
The Griffin woke up instantly, and said, “Wife, I smell a Christian, and it seems to me that somebody was pulling at my tail.” His wife said, “Thou hast certainly been dreaming, and I told thee before that a Christian was here to-day, but that he went away again.
He told me all kinds of things that in one castle they had lost the key of their money-chest, and could find it nowhere.” “Oh!

Sara hid her face in her arms.
The rats in the wall began to fight and bite each other and squeak and scramble.
Melchisedec was chastising some of his family.
Sara's sobs gradually quieted themselves.
It was so unlike her to break down that she was surprised at herself.
After a while she raised her face and looked at Emily, who seemed to be gazing at her round the side of one angle, and, somehow, by this time actually with a kind of glassy-eyed sympathy.
Sara bent and picked her up.
Remorse overtook her.
She even smiled at herself a very little smile.
"You can't help being a doll," she said with a resigned sigh, "any more than Lavinia and Jessie can help not having any sense.
We are not all made alike.
Perhaps you do your sawdust best."

Good-old John!
You'll like him," he said, turning, and stopped abruptly, for he was speaking to the empty air.
Betty had disappeared.
"Where's Miss Brown, Pugsy?"
he said.
"Where did she go?"
Pugsy vouchsafed another jerk of the head, in the direction of the outer door.
"She's beaten it," he said.
"I seen her make a break for de stairs.
Guess she's forgotten to remember somet'ing," he added indifferently, turning once more to his romance of prairie life.
"Goils is bone-heads."
CHAPTER XVII 
THE MAN AT THE ASTOR 
Refraining from discussing with Master Maloney the alleged bone-headedness of girls, Smith went through into the inner room, and found John sitting in the editorial chair, glancing through the latest number of Peaceful Moments.

U Mylliem Ngap, with general consent, constituted himself her champion.
He called her "Pah Syntiew," which means "Lured by Flowers,"
for her name and her origin were unknown.
He took her to his own home and adopted her as his own daughter, cherishing her with fondness and affection, which the child fully requited.
Ka Pah Syntiew, as she grew up, fulfilled all the promises of her childhood and developed into a woman of incomparable beauty and her fame went abroad throughout the country.
She was also gifted and wise beyond all the maidens of the neighbourhood, and was the chosen leader at all the Khasi dances and festivals.
She taught the Khasi girls to dance and to sing, and it was she who instituted the Virgins' Dance, which remains popular to this day among the Khasis.
Her foster-father, seeing she possessed so much discretion and wisdom, used to consult her in all his perplexities and seek her advice in all matters pertaining to the ruling of the village.
She displayed such tact and judgement that people from other villages brought their disputes to her to be settled, and she was acknowledged to be wiser and more just than any ruler in the country, and they began to call her "Ka Siem"
(the Chiefess, or the Queen).
When she came of age, U Mylliem Ngap gave her in marriage to a man of prowess and worth, who is mentioned in Khasi lore as "U Kongor Nongjri."
She became the mother of many sons and daughters, who were all noble and comely.
After her children had grown up, Ka Pah Syntiew called them all to her one day and revealed to them the secret of her birth.
She was the daughter of U 'Lei Shillong, the mountain god, permitted by her father to dwell for a period among mankind, and at last the time was at hand for her to return to her native element.

It grew small and shabby, like your last year’s dress; that is why I have called this story “Old Clothes.”
Listen.
I lived a very happy life out at sea for some time, till one day I fell into a strange basket-box thing.
There were several other lobsters and one or two crabs sitting there, looking anxious and disturbed.
And I soon found out that they had need to feel so, for there was no exit.
That means “way out” in plain words.
Our basket was joined to a strong rope, and that was attached to a cork floating on the top of the water.
Not long after I had fallen into this basket, which I now know was a lobster-trap, a boat rowed out from the shore, stopped just above us, and then we were lifted up, up, right out of the water, and placed in the boat.
The next thing was a good deal of pushing and knocking about, and then some one tossed me carelessly out on the beach, saying roughly, “Too small for any use.”
But some one else thought differently.
Another hand touched me, and another voice said, “Just the thing for my aquarium.”

What that meant I could not even guess; but it turned out to be the tiniest sea in the world.
Steady old limpets, red anemones, hermit crabs, and shrimps were all there.
It was a very nice home, with plenty of good food, the only drawback being want of space.
And now the event happened that I promised to tell you about.

Hence came the name of Shadow Brook.
But now, ever since autumn had crept into this secluded place, all the dark verdure was changed to gold, so that it really kindled up the dell, instead of shading it.
The bright yellow leaves, even had it been a cloudy day, would have seemed to keep the sunlight among them; and enough of them had fallen to strew all the bed and margin of the brook with sunlight, too.
Thus the shady nook, where summer had cooled herself, was now the sunniest spot anywhere to be found.
The little brook ran along over its pathway of gold, here pausing to form a pool, in which minnows were darting to and fro; and then it hurried onward at a swifter pace, as if in haste to reach the lake; and, forgetting to look whither it went, it tumbled over the root of a tree, which stretched quite across its current.
You would have laughed to hear how noisily it babbled about this accident.
And even after it had run onward, the brook still kept talking to itself, as if it were in a maze.
It was wonder-smitten, I suppose, at finding its dark dell so illuminated, and at hearing the prattle and merriment of so many children.
So it stole away as quickly as it could, and hid itself in the lake.
In the dell of Shadow Brook, Eustace Bright and his little friends had eaten their dinner.
They had brought plenty of good things from Tanglewood, in their baskets, and had spread them out on the stumps of trees and on mossy trunks, and had feasted merrily, and made a very nice dinner indeed.
After it was over, nobody felt like stirring.

At the next corner hung a votive lamp before a Madonna, but the light it gave was little better than none at all; indeed, he did not observe it before he was exactly under it, and his eyes fell upon the bright colors of the pictures which represented the well-known group of the Virgin and the infant Jesus.
“That is probably a wax-work show,” thought he; “and the people delay taking down their sign in hopes of a late visitor or two.”
A few persons in the costume of the time of King Hans passed quickly by him.
“How strange they look!
The good folks come probably from a masquerade!”
Suddenly was heard the sound of drums and fifes; the bright blaze of a fire shot up from time to time, and its ruddy gleams seemed to contend with the bluish light of the torches.
The Councillor stood still, and watched a most strange procession pass by.
First came a dozen drummers, who understood pretty well how to handle their instruments; then came halberdiers, and some armed with cross-bows.
The principal person in the procession was a priest.
Astonished at what he saw, the Councillor asked what was the meaning of all this mummery, and who that man was.
“That's the Bishop of Zealand,” was the answer.
“Good Heavens!
What has taken possession of the Bishop?” sighed the Councillor, shaking his head.
It certainly could not be the Bishop; even though he was considered the most absent man in the whole kingdom, and people told the drollest anecdotes about him.

There were evil Passions.
There were a great many species of Cares.
There were more than a hundred and fifty Sorrows.
There were Diseases in a vast number of strange and painful shapes.
There were more kinds of Naughtiness than it would be of any kind of use to talk about.
In short, everything that has since afflicted the souls and bodies of mankind had been shut up in the mysterious box given to Epimetheus and Pandora to be kept safely in order that the happy children of the world might never be molested by them.
Had they been faithful to their trust all would have gone well with them.
No grown person would ever have been sad, nor any child have had cause to shed a single tear, from that hour until this moment.
But it was impossible that the two children should keep the ugly swarm in their own little cottage.
Pandora flung open the windows and doors to try and get rid of them and, sure enough, away flew the winged Troubles and so pestered and tormented the people everywhere about that none of them so much as smiled for many days afterward.
And the children of the earth, who before had seemed ageless, now grew older, day by day, and came soon to be youths and maidens, and men and women, and then old folks, before they dreamed of such a thing.
Meanwhile, the naughty Pandora and Epimetheus remained in their cottage.

He will never be good for anything as long as he lives.
He who wants to be a sickle must bend himself betimes.”
The father sighed, and answered him “thou shalt soon learn what it is to shudder, but thou wilt not earn thy bread by that.”
Soon after this the sexton came to the house on a visit, and the father bewailed his trouble, and told him how his younger son was so backward in every respect that he knew nothing and learnt nothing.
“Just think,”
said he, “when I asked him how he was going to earn his bread, he actually wanted to learn to shudder.” “If that be all,” replied the sexton, “he can learn that with me.
Send him to me, and I will soon polish him.” The father was glad to do it, for he thought, “It will train the boy a little.” The sexton therefore took him into his house, and he had to ring the bell.
After a day or two, the sexton awoke him at midnight, and bade him arise and go up into the church tower and ring the bell.
“Thou shalt soon learn what shuddering is,” thought he, and secretly went there before him; and when the boy was at the top of the tower and turned round, and was just going to take hold of the bell rope, he saw a white figure standing on the stairs opposite the sounding hole.
“Who is there?” cried he, but the figure made no reply, and did not move or stir.
“Give an answer,” cried the boy, “or take thy self off, thou hast no business here at night.”
The sexton, however, remained standing motionless that the boy might think he was a ghost.
The boy cried a second time, “What do you want here?—speak if thou art an honest fellow, or I will throw thee down the steps!” The sexton thought, “he can’t intend to be as bad as his words,” uttered no sound and stood as if he were made of stone.
Then the boy called to him for the third time, and as that was also to no purpose, he ran against him and pushed the ghost down the stairs, so that it fell down ten steps and remained lying there in a corner.
Thereupon he rang the bell, went home, and without saying a word went to bed, and fell asleep.
The sexton’s wife waited a long time for her husband, but he did not come back.

“How little he knows about the troubles of this world!
Poor fellow!
He will be wiser when he has seen as much of life as I have.”
So saying, she began to skip the rope.
Meantime, the day was drawing towards its close.
Out of doors the scene certainly looked dreary.
There was a gray drift, far and wide, through the gathering twilight; the earth was as pathless as the air; and the bank of snow over the steps of the porch proved that nobody had entered or gone out for a good many hours past.
Had there been only one child at the window of Tanglewood, gazing at this wintry prospect, it would perhaps have made him sad.
But half a dozen children together, though they cannot quite turn the world into a paradise, may defy old Winter and all his storms to put them out of spirits.
Eustace Bright, moreover, on the spur of the moment, invented several new kinds of play, which kept them all in a roar of merriment till bedtime, and served for the next stormy day besides.
WONDER STORIES 

HOW THE MYTHS BEGAN 
Long ago, when our earth was more than two thousand years younger, there was a wonderful place called Mount Olympus at the top of the world that the ancients could see quite clearly with the eyes of hope and faith.
It did not matter that the Greek and Roman people had never set foot on this mountain in the clouds.
They knew it in story and reverenced the gods and goddesses who inhabited it.

I thought I had quelled the fellow.
It was rather a solemn moment.
What I mean is, if I weakened now, all my good work the night before would be thrown away.
I braced myself.
"What's wrong with this tie?
I've seen you give it a nasty look before.
Speak out like a man!
What's the matter with it?"
"Too ornate, sir."
"Nonsense!
A cheerful pink.
Nothing more."

I think he said that you had only arrived today from somewhere.”
The prince gave a short narrative of what we have heard before, leaving out the greater part.
The two ladies listened intently.
“I did not ask about Gania out of curiosity,” said the elder, at last.
“I wish to know how much you know about him, because he said just now that we need not stand on ceremony with you.
What, exactly, does that mean?”
At this moment Gania and Ptitsin entered the room together, and Nina Alexandrovna immediately became silent again.
The prince remained seated next to her, but Varia moved to the other end of the room; the portrait of Nastasia Philipovna remained lying as before on the work-table.
Gania observed it there, and with a frown of annoyance snatched it up and threw it across to his writing-table, which stood at the other end of the room.
“Is it today, Gania?” asked Nina Alexandrovna, at last.
“Is what today?” cried the former.
Then suddenly recollecting himself, he turned sharply on the prince.
“Oh,” he growled, “I see, you are here, that explains it!
Is it a disease, or what, that you can’t hold your tongue?

bawled Joe.
"For the land's sake, quit all this noise.
We can't all on us go; 'n' for my part, I don't want to.
We'll hev a weddin' of our own some day!"
and here he gave a sly look at Dolly, who seemed to understand it and blushed like an apple-blossom, while Joe went on: "Then we'll all stay to 't, I tell ye, and have a right down old country time."
Mother had to laugh.
"So you shall, Joe, and dance 'Money Musk' all night, if you want to same as you did to the corn huskin'.
Now, let's see.
Betty, she's got that chintz gown that was your Sunday best, Dolly the flowered one, you know, that Dianner outgrowed.
We must fix them lawn ruffles into 't; and there's a blue ribbin laid away in my chest o' drawers that'll tie her hair.
It's dreadful lucky we've got new shoes all round; and Obed's coat and breeches is as good as new, if they be made out of his pa's weddin' suit.
That's the good o' good cloth.

Unexpected because Nastasia Philipovna, on her way to Pavlofsk, had thought and considered a good deal, and had expected something different, though perhaps not altogether good, from this interview; but Aglaya had been carried away by her own outburst, just as a rolling stone gathers impetus as it careers downhill, and could not restrain herself in the satisfaction of revenge.
It was strange, Nastasia Philipovna felt, to see Aglaya like this.
She gazed at her, and could hardly believe her eyes and ears for a moment or two.
Whether she were a woman who had read too many poems, as Evgenie Pavlovitch supposed, or whether she were mad, as the prince had assured Aglaya, at all events, this was a woman who, in spite of her occasionally cynical and audacious manner, was far more refined and trustful and sensitive than appeared.
There was a certain amount of romantic dreaminess and caprice in her, but with the fantastic was mingled much that was strong and deep.
The prince realized this, and great suffering expressed itself in his face.
Aglaya observed it, and trembled with anger.
“How dare you speak so to me?” she said, with a haughtiness which was quite indescribable, replying to Nastasia’s last remark.
“You must have misunderstood what I said,” said Nastasia, in some surprise.
“If you wished to preserve your good name, why did you not give up your your ‘guardian,’ Totski, without all that theatrical posturing?”
 said Aglaya, suddenly a propos of nothing.
“What do you know of my position, that you dare to judge me?” cried Nastasia, quivering with rage, and growing terribly white.
“I know this much, that you did not go out to honest work, but went away with a rich man, Rogojin, in order to pose as a fallen angel.

But you are wrong to say that we cannot move about in Time.
For instance, if I am recalling an incident very vividly I go back to the instant of its occurrence: I become absent-minded, as you say.
I jump back for a moment.
Of course we have no means of staying back for any length of Time, any more than a savage or an animal has of staying six feet above the ground.
But a civilised man is better off than the savage in this respect.
He can go up against gravitation in a balloon, and why should he not hope that ultimately he may be able to stop or accelerate his drift along the Time-Dimension, or even turn about and travel the other way?”
“Oh, this,” began Filby, “is all—”
“Why not?” said the Time Traveller.
“It’s against reason,” said Filby.
“What reason?” said the Time Traveller.
“You can show black is white by argument,” said Filby, “but you will never convince me.”
“Possibly not,” said the Time Traveller.
“But now you begin to see the object of my investigations into the geometry of Four Dimensions.
Long ago I had a vague inkling of a machine—”
“To travel through Time!” exclaimed the Very Young Man.
“That shall travel indifferently in any direction of Space and Time, as the driver determines.”
Filby contented himself with laughter.

Play on your old pipe whatever tune you wish.
Piper.
Listen, then, and look from your window when I play again in the street below.
[Goes out.]
Mayor.
What does the lazy fellow mean by his threats?
First Councilman.
Hear his wonderful music!
Listen.
Second Councilman.
Oh!
what is he doing!

I think this is enough story, don't you?
You see I was right, it didn't matter what became of the dwarf.
Let us come out and feed the birds."
"Let's," said the child.
THE KEY OF THE FIELDS.
"The question before the court is, what next?"
It was Mark Ellery who spoke.
He was sitting on the green at the foot of the buttonwood-tree.
It was noon, and the birds were all quiet, save one confidential titmouse, who had come to make a call, and was perched on the tip of the dwarf's shoe, cocking his bright eye at him expressively.
"Tweet-tweet," said the titmouse.
"Precisely," said the dwarf.
"What next?"

Suddenly his opponent's long left shot out.
The Kid, who had been strolling forward, received it under the chin, and continued to stroll forward as if nothing of note had happened.
He gave the impression of being aware that Mr. Fisher had committed a breach of good taste and of being resolved to pass it off with ready tact.
The Cyclone, having executed a backward leap, a forward leap, and a feint, landed heavily with both hands.
The Kid's genial smile did not even quiver, but he continued to move forward.
His opponent's left flashed out again, but this time, instead of ignoring the matter, the Kid replied with a heavy right swing, and Mr. Fisher leaping back, found himself against the ropes.
By the time he had got out of that uncongenial position, two more of the Kid's swings had found their mark.
Mr. Fisher, somewhat perturbed, scuttled out into the middle of the ring, the Kid following in his self-contained, stolid way.
The Cyclone now became still more cyclonic.
He had a left arm which seemed to open out in joints like a telescope.
Several times when the Kid appeared well out of distance there was a thud as a brown glove ripped in over his guard and jerked his head back.
But always he kept boring in, delivering an occasional right to the body with the pleased smile of an infant destroying a Noah's ark with a tack-hammer.

There he reduced the dead to subjection, bade them lie down in their graves again, took the moon away with him, and hung it up in heaven.
176 The Duration of Life 
When God had created the world and was about to fix the length of each creature’s life, the ass came and asked, “Lord, how long shall I live?”
“Thirty years,” replied God; “does that content thee?” “Ah, Lord,”
answered the ass, “that is a long time.
Think of my painful existence!
To carry heavy burdens from morning to night, to drag sacks of corn to the mill, that others may eat bread, to be cheered and refreshed with nothing but blows and kicks.
Relieve me of a portion of this long time.” Then God had pity on him and relieved him of eighteen years.
The ass went away comforted, and the dog appeared.
“How long wouldst thou like to live?” said God to him.
“Thirty years are too many for the ass, but thou wilt be satisfied with that.” “Lord,” answered the dog, “is that thy will?
Consider how I shall have to run, my feet will never hold out so long, and when I have once lost my voice for barking, and my teeth for biting, what will be left for me to do but run from one corner to another and growl?” God saw that he was right, and released him from twelve years of life.
Then came the monkey.
“Thou wilt certainly live thirty years willingly?” said the Lord to him.
“Thou hast no need to work as the ass and the dog have to do, and wilt always enjoy thyself.” “Ah!

This fisherman, I am glad to tell you, was an exceedingly humane and upright man.
He showed great kindness to Danaë and her little boy; and continued to befriend them, until Perseus had grown to be a handsome youth, very strong and active, and skillful in the use of arms.
Long before this time, King Polydectes had seen the two strangers the mother and her child who had come to his dominions in a floating chest.
As he was not good and kind, like his brother the fisherman, but extremely wicked, he resolved to send Perseus on a dangerous enterprise, in which he would probably be killed, and then to do some great mischief to Danaë herself.
So this bad-hearted king spent a long while in considering what was the most dangerous thing that a young man could possibly undertake to perform.
At last, having hit upon an enterprise that promised to turn out as fatally as he desired, he sent for the youthful Perseus.
The young man came to the palace, and found the king sitting upon his throne.
"Perseus," said King Polydectes, smiling craftily upon him, "you are grown up a fine young man.
You and your good mother have received a great deal of kindness from myself, as well as from my worthy brother the fisherman, and I suppose you would not be sorry to repay some of it."
"Please your Majesty," answered Perseus, "I would willingly risk my life to do so."
"Well, then," continued the king, still with a cunning smile on his lips, "I have a little adventure to propose to you; and, as you are a brave and enterprising youth, you will doubtless look upon it as a great piece of good luck to have so rare an opportunity of distinguishing yourself.
You must know, my good Perseus, I think of getting married to the beautiful Princess Hippodamia; and it is customary, on these occasions, to make the bride a present of some far-fetched and elegant curiosity.

When he had closed his eyes and was about to sleep, the two crows flew down from the heads of the men who were hanging there, and pecked his eyes out.
In his madness he ran into the forest and must have died there of hunger, for no one has ever either seen him again or heard of him.
108 Hans the Hedgehog 
There was once a countryman who had money and land in plenty, but how rich soever he was, one thing was still wanting in his happiness he had no children.
Often when he went into the town with the other peasants they mocked him and asked why he had no children.
At last he became angry, and when he got home he said, “I will have a child, even if it be a hedgehog.” Then his wife had a child, that was a hedgehog in the upper part of his body, and a boy in the lower, and when she saw the child, she was terrified, and said, “See, there thou hast brought ill-luck on us.” Then said the man, “What can be done now?
The boy must be christened, but we shall not be able to get a godfather for him.”
The woman said, “And we cannot call him anything else but Hans the Hedgehog.”
When he was christened, the parson said, “He cannot go into any ordinary bed because of his spikes.” So a little straw was put behind the stove, and Hans the Hedgehog was laid on it.
His mother could not suckle him, for he would have pricked her with his quills.
So he lay there behind the stove for eight years, and his father was tired of him and thought, “If he would but die!” He did not die, however, but remained lying there.
Now it happened that there was a fair in the town, and the peasant was about to go to it, and asked his wife what he should bring back with him for her.
“A little meat and a couple of white rolls which are wanted for the house,” said she.
Then he asked the servant, and she wanted a pair of slippers and some stockings with clocks.
At last he said also, “And what wilt thou have, Hans my Hedgehog?” “Dear father,” he said, “do bring me bagpipes.” When, therefore, the father came home again, he gave his wife what he had bought for her; meat and white rolls, and then he gave the maid the slippers, and the stockings with clocks; and, lastly, he went behind the stove, and gave Hans the Hedgehog the bagpipes.

“Almost.”
Saint Antoine slept, the Defarges slept: even The Vengeance slept with her starved grocer, and the drum was at rest.
The drum's was the only voice in Saint Antoine that blood and hurry had not changed.
The Vengeance, as custodian of the drum, could have wakened him up and had the same speech out of him as before the Bastille fell, or old Foulon was seized; not so with the hoarse tones of the men and women in Saint Antoine's bosom.
XXIII.
Fire Rises 
There was a change on the village where the fountain fell, and where the mender of roads went forth daily to hammer out of the stones on the highway such morsels of bread as might serve for patches to hold his poor ignorant soul and his poor reduced body together.
The prison on the crag was not so dominant as of yore; there were soldiers to guard it, but not many; there were officers to guard the soldiers, but not one of them knew what his men would do beyond this: that it would probably not be what he was ordered.
Far and wide lay a ruined country, yielding nothing but desolation.
Every green leaf, every blade of grass and blade of grain, was as shrivelled and poor as the miserable people.
Everything was bowed down, dejected, oppressed, and broken.
Habitations, fences, domesticated animals, men, women, children, and the soil that bore them all worn out.
Monseigneur (often a most worthy individual gentleman) was a national blessing, gave a chivalrous tone to things, was a polite example of luxurious and shining life, and a great deal more to equal purpose; nevertheless, Monseigneur as a class had, somehow or other, brought things to this.
Strange that Creation, designed expressly for Monseigneur, should be so soon wrung dry and squeezed out!

She crossed her hands on her bosom, and then darted forward as a fish shoots through the water, between the supple arms and fingers of the ugly polypi, which were stretched out on each side of her.
She saw that they all held in their grasp something they had seized with their numerous little arms, which were as strong as iron bands.
Tightly grasped in their clinging arms were white skeletons of human beings who had perished at sea and had sunk down into the deep waters; skeletons of land animals; and oars, rudders, and chests, of ships.
There was even a little mermaid whom they had caught and strangled, and this seemed the most shocking of all to the little princess.
She now came to a space of marshy ground in the wood, where large, fat water snakes were rolling in the mire and showing their ugly, drab-colored bodies.
In the midst of this spot stood a house, built of the bones of shipwrecked human beings.
There sat the sea witch, allowing a toad to eat from her mouth just as people sometimes feed a canary with pieces of sugar.
She called the ugly water snakes her little chickens and allowed them to crawl all over her bosom.
"I know what you want," said the sea witch.
"It is very stupid of you, but you shall have your way, though it will bring you to sorrow, my pretty princess.
You want to get rid of your fish's tail and to have two supports instead, like human beings on earth, so that the young prince may fall in love with you and so that you may have an immortal soul."
And then the witch laughed so loud and so disgustingly that the toad and the snakes fell to the ground and lay there wriggling.

He seized the conch, blew it loudly, and cried out, "Oh, Ram!
I wish to be blind of one eye!"
And so he was, in a twinkling, but the money-lender of course was blind of both, and in trying to steer his way between the two new wells, he fell into one, and was drowned.
Now this true story shows that a farmer once got the better of a money-lender but only by losing one of his eyes.
The Boy who had a Moon on his Forehead and a Star on his Chin 
In a country were seven daughters of poor parents, who used to come daily to play under the shady trees in the King's garden with the gardener's daughter; and daily she used to say to them, "When I am married I shall have a son.
Such a beautiful boy as he will be has never been seen.
He will have a moon on his forehead and a star on his chin."
Then her playfellows used to laugh at her and mock her.
But one day the King heard her telling them about the beautiful boy she would have when she was married, and he said to himself he should like very much to have such a son; the more so that though he had already four Queens he had no child.
He went, therefore, to the gardener and told him he wished to marry his daughter.
This delighted the gardener and his wife, who thought it would indeed be grand for their daughter to become a princess.
So they said "Yes" to the King, and invited all their friends to the wedding.

My husband said "
"Oh, yes," said the witch.
"I know all about him.
And so you want a child?
Do you know it will bring you sorrow?"
"It will bring me joy first," said the Queen.
"Great sorrow," said the witch.
"Greater joy," said the Queen.
Then the witch said, "Well, have your own way.
I suppose it's as much as your place is worth to go back without it?"
"The King would be very much annoyed," said the poor Queen.
"Well, well," said the witch.
"What will you give me for the child?"

Notwithstanding her appearance, Kakarmick rules her with a rod of iron.
The last time I saw them it was on the frozen shores of Windy Lake.
They were both sitting on the top of their sleigh and their five dogs were plainly tired.
The man had lost his whip but held, instead, a short thick piece of hard wood about three feet in length.
Every hundred yards or so, he hurled that strange missile straight at one of the dog’s backs.
I never saw him miss once.
But what impressed me more was Taitna.
Each time her husband threw that stick, she would jump off the sleigh, retrieve it and jump on again.
Meanwhile, Kakarmick remained sitting astride his load, paying absolutely no attention to the exertions of his wife.
Last summer I met a very old Catholic missionary whom I have known for years.
We were both on an inspection trip in the depths of the Canadian wilderness.
Our reasons for roaming so far north from civilization were absolutely different.

But to all these Aeneus replied that to none but the strongest would he give the princess.
So there were many tests of these strangers' skill and strength in games and wrestling, but one by one they failed.
At last there were only two left, Hercules who was strong enough to hold the sky on his broad shoulders, and Achelous, the river-god, who twisted and twined through the fields making them fertile with the brooks and the streams.
Each thought himself the greater of the two, and it lay between them which by his prowess should gain the princess to be his wife.
Hercules was massive of limb and of powerful strength.
Beneath his shaggy eyebrows, his eyes gleamed like balls of fire.
His garment was of lions' skins and his staff was a young tree.
But the clever Achelous was able to slip between the huge fingers of Hercules.
He was as slender and graceful as a willow tree and his garment was of the green of foliage.
He wore a crown of water lilies on his fair hair, and carried a staff made of twined reeds.
When Achelous spoke, his voice was like the rippling of a stream.
"The Princess Dejanira shall be mine!"

Quelala was much too wise not to swim, and he was not in the least spoiled by all his good fortune.
He laughed, when he came to the top of the water, and swam in to shore.
But when Gayelette came running out to him she found his silks and velvet all ruined by the river.
"The princess was angry, and she knew, of course, who did it.
She had all the Winged Monkeys brought before her, and she said at first that their wings should be tied and they should be treated as they had treated Quelala, and dropped in the river.
But my grandfather pleaded hard, for he knew the Monkeys would drown in the river with their wings tied, and Quelala said a kind word for them also; so that Gayelette finally spared them, on condition that the Winged Monkeys should ever after do three times the bidding of the owner of the Golden Cap.
This Cap had been made for a wedding present to Quelala, and it is said to have cost the princess half her kingdom.
Of course my grandfather and all the other Monkeys at once agreed to the condition, and that is how it happens that we are three times the slaves of the owner of the Golden Cap, whosoever he may be."
"And what became of them?"
asked Dorothy, who had been greatly interested in the story.
"Quelala being the first owner of the Golden Cap," replied the Monkey, "he was the first to lay his wishes upon us.
As his bride could not bear the sight of us, he called us all to him in the forest after he had married her and ordered us always to keep where she could never again set eyes on a Winged Monkey, which we were glad to do, for we were all afraid of her.

I’m nearly worn out, but I shan’t sleep till I’ve told this thing over to you.
Then I shall go to bed.
But no interruptions!
Is it agreed?”
“Agreed,” said the Editor, and the rest of us echoed “Agreed.” And with that the Time Traveller began his story as I have set it forth.
He sat back in his chair at first, and spoke like a weary man.
Afterwards he got more animated.
In writing it down I feel with only too much keenness the inadequacy of pen and ink—and, above all, my own inadequacy—to express its quality.
You read, I will suppose, attentively enough; but you cannot see the speaker’s white, sincere face in the bright circle of the little lamp, nor hear the intonation of his voice.
You cannot know how his expression followed the turns of his story!
Most of us hearers were in shadow, for the candles in the smoking-room had not been lighted, and only the face of the Journalist and the legs of the Silent Man from the knees downward were illuminated.
At first we glanced now and again at each other.
After a time we ceased to do that, and looked only at the Time Traveller’s face.

There probably were a good many happy little girls in and about the city that day, but it is my private opinion that Amy was the happiest of all, when she sat in her mother's lap and told her trials, receiving consolation and compensation in the shape of approving smiles and fond caresses.
They were alone together in the chapel, to which her mother did not object when its purpose was explained to her.
"On the contrary, I like it very much, dear," looking from the dusty rosary to the well-worn little book, and the lovely picture with its garland of evergreen.
"It is an excellent plan to have some place where we can go to be quiet, when things vex or grieve us.
There are a good many hard times in this life of ours, but we can always bear them if we ask help in the right way.
I think my little girl is learning this."
"Yes, Mother, and when I go home I mean to have a corner in the big closet to put my books and the copy of that picture which I've tried to make.
The woman's face is not good, it's too beautiful for me to draw, but the baby is done better, and I love it very much.
I like to think He was a little child once, for then I don't seem so far away, and that helps me."
As Amy pointed to the smiling Christ child on his Mother's knee, Mrs.
March saw something on the lifted hand that made her smile.
She said nothing, but Amy understood the look, and after a minute's pause, she added gravely, "I wanted to speak to you about this, but I forgot it.
Aunt gave me the ring today.

“Yes and no.”
“Do you remember the Snail that lived with the Fairy with Azure Hair?
Do you not remember how she opened the door for you one night and gave you something to eat?”
“I remember everything,” cried Pinocchio.
“Answer me quickly, pretty Snail, where have you left my Fairy?
What is she doing?
Has she forgiven me?
Does she remember me?
Does she still love me?
Is she very far away from here?
May I see her?”
At all these questions, tumbling out one after another, the Snail answered, calm as ever:
“My dear Pinocchio, the Fairy is lying ill in a hospital.”
“In a hospital?”
“Yes, indeed.
She has been stricken with trouble and illness, and she hasn’t a penny left with which to buy a bite of bread.”
“Really?
Oh, how sorry I am!
My poor, dear little Fairy!

Captain Larionoff, commander of the company, had died; his command was handed over to the prince for the moment.
Very well.
This soldier, Kolpakoff, stole some leather from one of his comrades, intending to sell it, and spent the money on drink.
Well!
The prince you understand that what follows took place in the presence of the sergeant-major, and a corporal the prince rated Kolpakoff soundly, and threatened to have him flogged.
Well, Kolpakoff went back to the barracks, lay down on a camp bedstead, and in a quarter of an hour was dead: you quite understand?
It was, as I said, a strange, almost impossible, affair.
In due course Kolpakoff was buried; the prince wrote his report, the deceased’s name was removed from the roll.
All as it should be, is it not?
But exactly three months later at the inspection of the brigade, the man Kolpakoff was found in the third company of the second battalion of infantry, Novozemlianski division, just as if nothing had happened!”
“What?” said the prince, much astonished.
“It did not occur it’s a mistake!” said Nina Alexandrovna quickly, looking, at the prince rather anxiously.
“Mon mari se trompe,” she added, speaking in French.

No letters were to be forwarded.
He was to enjoy complete rest.
Who can say where he is now?
Possibly racing down some rugged slope in the Rockies with two grizzlies and a wildcat in earnest pursuit.
Possibly in the midst of Florida Everglades, making a noise like a piece of meat in order to snare alligators.
Who can tell?"
Silent consternation prevailed among his audience.
"Then, do you mean to say," demanded Mr. Asher, "that this fellow Maloney's the boss here, and that what he says goes?"
Smith bowed.
"Exactly.
A man of intensely masterful character, he will brook no opposition.
I am powerless to sway him.

But he answered: "Cheer up; we can save ourselves yet.
Come, and I'll show you how we may manage it."
So what did these cunning little jackals do but they went to the great lion's den; and, when he saw them coming, he began to roar and shake his mane, and he said: "You little wretches, come and be eaten at once!
I have had no dinner for three whole days, and all that time I have been running over hill and dale to find you.
Ro-a-ar!
Ro-a-ar!
Come and be eaten, I say!"
and he lashed his tail and gnashed his teeth, and looked very terrible indeed.
Then the Jackal Rajah, creeping quite close up to him, said: "Oh, great Singh Rajah, we all know you are our master, and we would have come at your bidding long ago; but, indeed, sir, there is a much bigger rajah even than you in this jungle, and he tried to catch hold of us and eat us up, and frightened us so much that we were obliged to run away."
"What do you mean?"
growled Singh Rajah.
"There is no king in this jungle but me!"

But tha’ will like it.”
“Do you?” inquired Mary.
“Aye, that I do,” answered Martha, cheerfully polishing away at the grate.
“I just love it.
It’s none bare.
It’s covered wi’ growin’ things as smells sweet.
It’s fair lovely in spring an’ summer when th’ gorse an’ broom an’ heather’s in flower.
It smells o’ honey an’ there’s such a lot o’ fresh air—an’ th’ sky looks so high an’ th’ bees an’ skylarks makes such a nice noise hummin’ an’ singin’.
Eh!
I wouldn’t live away from th’ moor for anythin’.”
Mary listened to her with a grave, puzzled expression.
The native servants she had been used to in India were not in the least like this.
They were obsequious and servile and did not presume to talk to their masters as if they were their equals.
They made salaams and called them “protector of the poor” and names of that sort.

But I don't think much of cow's flesh; it is not tender enough.
Now, if one had a young pig!
That would taste far different, to say nothing of the sausages!"
"Listen, Hans," said the butcher.
"For your sake, I will exchange, and let you have my pig for your cow."
"May Heaven reward your friendship!"
said Hans, and at once gave him the cow.
The man untied the pig from the wheelbarrow, and gave the rope with which it was bound into Hans's hand.
Hans marched on, thinking: "What a lucky fellow I am.
As soon as anything goes wrong, something turns up and all's right again."
Just then, up came a youth, carrying a fine white goose under his arm.
They were friends, and Hans began to talk about his luck and how he always came off best in his exchanges.

He is so pleased ” He was about to add something else, but could not find the words.
“There, he is feeling embarrassed; I expected as much,” whispered Evgenie Pavlovitch suddenly in the prince’s ear.
“It is a bad sign; what do you think?
Now, out of spite, he will come out with something so outrageous that even Lizabetha Prokofievna will not be able to stand it.”
Muishkin looked at him inquiringly.
“You do not care if he does?” added Evgenie Pavlovitch.
“Neither do I; in fact, I should be glad, merely as a proper punishment for our dear Lizabetha Prokofievna.
I am very anxious that she should get it, without delay, and I shall stay till she does.
You seem feverish.”
“Never mind; by-and-by; yes, I am not feeling well,” said the prince impatiently, hardly listening.
He had just heard Hippolyte mention his own name.
“You don’t believe it?” said the invalid, with a nervous laugh.
“I don’t wonder, but the prince will have no difficulty in believing it; he will not be at all surprised.”
“Do you hear, prince do you hear that?” said Lizabetha Prokofievna, turning towards him.
There was laughter in the group around her, and Lebedeff stood before her gesticulating wildly.

"You see, these are not ordinary flowers.
They are fairy flowers that I created with my fairy arts.
And the soil in which they grow is magic soil.
Take this rose, for instance."
Here Ozana cupped a large red rose in her hands.
"Look into its petals, Dorothy, and tell me what you see."
"Why, the petals form a lovely girl's face!"
Dorothy exclaimed in delight.
"And so it is with all the blossoms in my garden," said Ozana.
"If you look closely into them, you will see a human face.
Now, Dorothy, put your ear close to the rose and listen."
Dorothy did as she was bid and quite clearly she heard a small but melodious voice say pleadingly, "Pick me, pick me, little girl, and I will tell you the sweetest story ever told a love story."

He was sure of it, and his heart beat excitedly at the thought, he knew not why.
He fell asleep on the bench; but his mental disquiet continued through his slumbers.
Just before he dozed off, the idea of Hippolyte murdering ten men flitted through his brain, and he smiled at the absurdity of such a thought.
Around him all was quiet; only the flutter and whisper of the leaves broke the silence, but broke it only to cause it to appear yet more deep and still.
He dreamed many dreams as he sat there, and all were full of disquiet, so that he shuddered every moment.
At length a woman seemed to approach him.
He knew her, oh!
he knew her only too well.
He could always name her and recognize her anywhere; but, strange, she seemed to have quite a different face from hers, as he had known it, and he felt a tormenting desire to be able to say she was not the same woman.
In the face before him there was such dreadful remorse and horror that he thought she must be a criminal, that she must have just committed some awful crime.
Tears were trembling on her white cheek.
She beckoned him, but placed her finger on her lip as though to warn him that he must follow her very quietly.

It was a coarse wood-cut, representing a splendid meteor “as seen in the town of Cologne,” which was to be read below in bright letters.
“That is very old!” said the Councillor, whom this piece of antiquity began to make considerably more cheerful.
“Pray how did you come into possession of this rare print?
It is extremely interesting, although the whole is a mere fable.
Such meteorous appearances are to be explained in this way that they are the reflections of the Aurora Borealis, and it is highly probable they are caused principally by electricity.”
Those persons who were sitting nearest him and heard his speech, stared at him in wonderment; and one of them rose, took off his hat respectfully, and said with a serious countenance, “You are no doubt a very learned man, Monsieur.”
“Oh no,” answered the Councillor, “I can only join in conversation on this topic and on that, as indeed one must do according to the demands of the world at present.”
“Modestia is a fine virtue,” continued the gentleman; “however, as to your speech, I must say mihi secus videtur: yet I am willing to suspend my judicium.”
“May I ask with whom I have the pleasure of speaking?” asked the Councillor.
“I am a Bachelor in Theologia,” answered the gentleman with a stiff reverence.
This reply fully satisfied the Councillor; the title suited the dress.
“He is certainly,” thought he, “some village schoolmaster some queer old fellow, such as one still often meets with in Jutland.”
“This is no locus docendi, it is true,” began the clerical gentleman; “yet I beg you earnestly to let us profit by your learning.
Your reading in the ancients is, sine dubio, of vast extent?”
“Oh yes, I've read something, to be sure,” replied the Councillor.
“I like reading all useful works; but I do not on that account despise the modern ones; 'tis only the unfortunate 'Tales of Every-day Life' that I cannot bear we have enough and more than enough such in reality.”
“'Tales of Every-day Life?
'” said our Bachelor inquiringly.
“I mean those new fangled novels, twisting and writhing themselves in the dust of commonplace, which also expect to find a reading public.”
“Oh,” exclaimed the clerical gentleman smiling, “there is much wit in them; besides they are read at court.

“Well, then, I will go all alone by myself,” said Cinderlad.
When the two brothers got to the glass hill, all the princes and knights were trying to ride up it, and their horses were in a foam; but it was all in vain, for no sooner did the horses set foot upon the hill than down they slipped, and there was not one which could get even so much as a couple of yards up.
Nor was that strange, for the hill was as smooth as a glass window-pane, and as steep as the side of a house.
But they were all eager to win the King’s daughter and half the kingdom, so they rode and they slipped, and thus it went on.
At length all the horses were so tired that they could do no more, and so hot that the foam dropped from them and the riders were forced to give up the attempt.
The King was just thinking that he would cause it to be proclaimed that the riding should begin afresh on the following day, when perhaps it might go better, when suddenly a knight came riding up on so fine a horse that no one had ever seen the like of it before, and the knight had armor of copper, and his bridle was of copper too, and all his accoutrements were so bright that they shone again.
The other knights all called out to him that he might just as well spare himself the trouble of trying to ride up the glass hill, for it was of no use to try; but he did not heed them, and rode straight off to it, and went up as if it were nothing at all.
Thus he rode for a long way it may have been a third part of the way up but when he had got so far he turned his horse round and rode down again.
But the Princess thought that she had never yet seen so handsome a knight, and while he was riding up she was sitting thinking, “Oh!
how I hope he may be able to come up to the top!” And when she saw that he was turning his horse back she threw one of the golden apples down after him, and it rolled into his shoe.
But when he had come down from off the hill he rode away, and that so fast that no one knew what had become of him.
So all the princes and knights were bidden to present themselves before the King that night, so that he who had ridden so far up the glass hill might show the golden apple which the King’s daughter had thrown down.

He heard the Blue Bird singing among the roses and saw the Butterfly fluttering among the lilies, and he said: "Nurse, wipe my face, please.
I am not going to cry any more."
Nurse washed his face, and told him not to be a silly little King.
"Crying," said she, "never did anyone any good yet."
"I don't know," said the little King, "I seem to see better, and to hear better now that I've cried for a week.
Now, Nurse, dear, I know I'm right, so kiss me in case I never come back.
I must try to see if I can't save the people."
"Well, if you must, you must," said Nurse, "but don't tear your clothes or get your feet wet."
So off he went.
The Blue Bird sang more sweetly than ever, and the Butterfly shone more brightly, as Lionel once more carried The Book of Beasts out into the rose garden, and opened it very quickly, so that he might not be afraid and change his mind.
The book fell open wide, almost in the middle, and there was written at the bottom of the page, "Hippogriff," and before Lionel had time to see what the picture was, there was a fluttering of great wings and a stamping of hoofs, and a sweet, soft, friendly neighing; and there came out of the book a beautiful white horse with a long, long, white mane and a long, long, white tail, and he had great wings like swan's wings, and the softest, kindest eyes in the world, and he stood there among the roses.
The Hippogriff rubbed its silky-soft, milky white nose against the little King's shoulder, and the little King thought: "But for the wings you are very like my poor, dear lost Rocking Horse."

Then the seventy fair maidens fell to the ground headlong; and some were bruised and some broken, but the only one who escaped unhurt was the maiden who loved Rasalu, for she fell out last, on the top of the others, and so came to no harm.
After this, Rasalu strode on fifteen paces, till he came to the seventy drums, that every one who came to play chaupur with the King had to beat in turn; and he beat them so loudly that he broke them all.
Then he came to the seventy gongs, all in a row, and he hammered them so hard that they cracked to pieces.
Seeing this, the youngest Princess, who was the only one who could run, fled to her father the King in a great fright, saying:
    "A mighty Prince, Sarkap!
making havoc, rides along,     He swung us, seventy maidens fair, and threw us out headlong;     He broke the drums you placed there and the gongs too in his pride,     Sure, he will kill thee, father mine, and take me for his bride!"
But King Sarkap replied scornfully:
    "Silly maiden, thy words make a lot       Of a very small matter;     For fear of my valour, I wot,       His armour will clatter.
As soon as I've eaten my bread     I'll go forth and cut off his head!"
Notwithstanding these brave and boastful words, he was in reality very much afraid, having heard of Rasalu's renown.
And learning that he was stopping at the house of an old woman in the city, till the hour for playing chaupur arrived, Sarkap sent slaves to him with trays of sweetmeats and fruit, as to an honoured guest.
But the food was poisoned.
Now when the slaves brought the trays to Raja Rasalu, he rose up haughtily, saying, "Go, tell your master I have nought to do with him in friendship.
I am his sworn enemy, and I eat not of his salt!"

That’s the best way.”
She had almost reached the door when she turned round again.
“I shall laugh I know I shall; I shall die of laughing,” she said, lugubriously.
However, she turned and ran down to the prince as fast as her feet could carry her.
“Well, what does it all mean?
What do you make of it?” asked the general of his spouse, hurriedly.
“I hardly dare say,” said Lizabetha, as hurriedly, “but I think it’s as plain as anything can be.”
“I think so too, as clear as day; she loves him.”
“Loves him?
She is head over ears in love, that’s what she is,” put in Alexandra.
“Well, God bless her, God bless her, if such is her destiny,” said Lizabetha, crossing herself devoutly.
“H’m destiny it is,” said the general, “and there’s no getting out of destiny.”
With these words they all moved off towards the drawing-room, where another surprise awaited them.
Aglaya had not only not laughed, as she had feared, but had gone to the prince rather timidly, and said to him:
“Forgive a silly, horrid, spoilt girl” (she took his hand here) “and be quite assured that we all of us esteem you beyond all words.
And if I dared to turn your beautiful, admirable simplicity to ridicule, forgive me as you would a little child its mischief.
Forgive me all my absurdity of just now, which, of course, meant nothing, and could not have the slightest consequence.” She spoke these words with great emphasis.

Boys go nutting, and I don't care to be bagged by them,"
returned Jo, pasting away at the kite which no wind that blows would ever carry up, for Daisy had tied herself on as a bob.
Meg laughed, for she was glad to see a glimmer of Jo's old spirit, but she felt it her duty to enforce her opinion by every argument in her power, and the sisterly chats were not wasted, especially as two of Meg's most effective arguments were the babies, whom Jo loved tenderly.
Grief is the best opener of some hearts, and Jo's was nearly ready for the bag.
A little more sunshine to ripen the nut, then, not a boy's impatient shake, but a man's hand reached up to pick it gently from the burr, and find the kernal sound and sweet.
If she suspected this, she would have shut up tight, and been more prickly than ever, fortunately she wasn't thinking about herself, so when the time came, down she dropped.
Now, if she had been the heroine of a moral storybook, she ought at this period of her life to have become quite saintly, renounced the world, and gone about doing good in a mortified bonnet, with tracts in her pocket.
But, you see, Jo wasn't a heroine, she was only a struggling human girl like hundreds of others, and she just acted out her nature, being sad, cross, listless, or energetic, as the mood suggested.
It's highly virtuous to say we'll be good, but we can't do it all at once, and it takes a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull all together before some of us even get our feet set in the right way.
Jo had got so far, she was learning to do her duty, and to feel unhappy if she did not, but to do it cheerfully, ah, that was another thing!
She had often said she wanted to do something splendid, no matter how hard, and now she had her wish, for what could be more beautiful than to devote her life to Father and Mother, trying to make home as happy to them as they had to her?
And if difficulties were necessary to increase the splendor of the effort, what could be harder for a restless, ambitious girl than to give up her own hopes, plans, and desires, and cheerfully live for others?
Providence had taken her at her word.

"All right.
Got a little matter with Pink here first.
'Twon't take long.
See you arfter amejiant, Sim."
Never had the deputy been more gracious and witty.
He talked and talked, outtalking even Mr. Fluker; he was the only man in town who could do that.
He winked at Marann as he put questions to Sim, some of the words employed in which Sim had never heard before.
Yet Sim held up as well as he could, and after dinner followed Marann with some little dignity into the parlor.
They had not been there more than ten minutes when Mrs. Fluker was heard to walk rapidly along the passage leading from the dining-room, to enter her own chamber for only a moment, then to come out and rush to the parlor door with the gig-whip in her hand.
Such uncommon conduct in a woman like Mrs.
Pink Fluker of course needs explanation.
When all the other boarders had left the house, the deputy and Mr.
Fluker having repaired to the bar-room, the former said:
"Now, Pink, for our settlement, as you say your wife think we better have one.

He swung his club and gave his wicked comrades the reward they merited and threw them into the water, and then he sailed with the beautiful maiden, who had been in the greatest alarm, and whom he delivered for the second time, home to her father and mother, and married her, and all rejoiced exceedingly.
167 The Peasant in Heaven 
Once on a time a poor pious peasant died, and arrived before the gate of heaven.
At the same time a very rich, rich lord came there who also wanted to get into heaven.
Then Saint Peter came with the key, and opened the door, and let the great man in, but apparently did not see the peasant, and shut the door again.
And now the peasant outside, heard how the great man was received in heaven with all kinds of rejoicing, and how they were making music, and singing within.
At length all became quiet again, and Saint Peter came and opened the gate of heaven, and let the peasant in.
The peasant, however, expected that they would make music and sing when he went in also, but all remained quite quiet; he was received with great affection, it is true, and the angels came to meet him, but no one sang.
Then the peasant asked Saint Peter how it was that they did not sing for him as they had done when the rich man went in, and said that it seemed to him that there in heaven things were done with just as much partiality as on earth.
Then said Saint Peter, “By no means, thou art just as dear to us as any one else, and wilt enjoy every heavenly delight that the rich man enjoys, but poor fellows like thee come to heaven every day, but a rich man like this does not come more than once in a hundred years!”
168 Lean Lisa 
Lean Lisa was of a very different way of thinking from lazy Harry and fat Trina, who never let anything disturb their peace.
She scoured everything with ashes, from morning till evening, and burdened her husband, Long Laurence, with so much work that he had heavier weights to carry than an ass with three sacks.
It was, however, all to no purpose, they had nothing and came to nothing.
One night as she lay in bed, and could hardly move one limb for weariness, she still did not allow her thoughts to go to sleep.

Sara started toward her.
She looked as if she were going to box her ears.
Perhaps she was.
Her trick of pretending things was the joy of her life.
She never spoke of it to girls she was not fond of.
Her new "pretend" about being a princess was very near to her heart, and she was shy and sensitive about it.
She had meant it to be rather a secret, and here was Lavinia deriding it before nearly all the school.
She felt the blood rush up into her face and tingle in her ears.
She only just saved herself.
If you were a princess, you did not fly into rages.
Her hand dropped, and she stood quite still a moment.
When she spoke it was in a quiet, steady voice; she held her head up, and everybody listened to her.

Now I can eat no more.
Little goat, bleat!
Little table, away!
Goat.
Bla-a!
Bla-a!
Bla-a!
Little Two-Eyes.
There, it is gone.
Aren't we happy, little goat?
But see, it is time to go home.
Come, little goat.

“They was left to themselves.”
Mary was becoming quite excited.
“Did they quite die?
Do roses quite die when they are left to themselves?” she ventured.
“Well, I’d got to like ’em—an’ I liked her—an’ she liked ’em,” Ben Weatherstaff admitted reluctantly.
“Once or twice a year I’d go an’
work at ’em a bit—prune ’em an’ dig about th’ roots.
They run wild, but they was in rich soil, so some of ’em lived.”
“When they have no leaves and look gray and brown and dry, how can you tell whether they are dead or alive?” inquired Mary.
“Wait till th’ spring gets at ’em—wait till th’ sun shines on th’ rain and th’ rain falls on th’ sunshine an’ then tha’ll find out.”
“How—how?” cried Mary, forgetting to be careful.
“Look along th’ twigs an’ branches an’ if tha’ see a bit of a brown lump swelling here an’ there, watch it after th’ warm rain an’ see what happens.” He stopped suddenly and looked curiously at her eager face.
“Why does tha’ care so much about roses an’ such, all of a sudden?” he demanded.
Mistress Mary felt her face grow red.
She was almost afraid to answer.
“I—I want to play that—that I have a garden of my own,” she stammered.

Is there not something wrong about him?"
"Oh, no," said the King's brother, exchanging meaning looks with the nurse.
"Nothing to make your Majesty at all uneasy.
No doubt his Royal Highness will outgrow it in time."
"Out-grow what?"
"A slight delicacy ahem!
in the spine something inherited, perhaps, from his dear mother."
"Ah, she was always delicate; but she was the sweetest woman that ever lived.
Come here, my little son."
The Prince turned to his father a small, sweet, grave face like his mother's, and the King smiled and held out his arms.
But when the boy came to him, not running like a boy, but wriggling awkwardly along the floor, the royal countenance clouded.
"I ought to have been told of this.

"Come down and lie still, can't you?"
So the rock with the round piece of earth fell into the sea, and the point of the rock went into a hole that just fitted it in the stony sea bottom, and there it spun around the wrong way seven times and then lay still.
And that round piece of land became, after millions of years, the Kingdom of Rotundia.
This is the end of the geography lesson.
And now for just a little natural history, so that we may not feel that we are quite wasting our time.
Of course, the consequence of the island having spun around the wrong way was that when the animals began to grow on the island they all grew the wrong sizes.
The guinea pig, as you know, was as big as our elephants, and the elephant dear little pet was the size of the silly, tiny, black-and-tan dogs that ladies carry sometimes in their muffs.
The rabbits were about the size of our rhinoceroses, and all about the wild parts of the island they had made their burrows as big as railway tunnels.
The dormouse, of course, was the biggest of all the creatures.
I can't tell you how big he was.
Even if you think of elephants it will not help you at all.
Luckily there was only one of him, and he was always asleep.

We two are worth a dozen."
"Yes," said Porthos, smiling at the remembrance of their old exploits; "but we four would be equal to thirty-six."
"I have your word, then?"
said D'Artagnan.
"Yes.
I will fight heart and soul for the cardinal; but but he must make me a baron."
"Oh, that's settled already!"
said D'Artagnan.
"I'll answer for your barony."
With that he had his horse saddled, and rode on to the castle of Bragelonne.
Athos was visibly moved at the sight of D'Artagnan, and rushed towards him and clasped him in his arms.
D'Artagnan, equally moved, held him closely, while tears stood in his eyes.

A triangular opening faced towards the bows of the ship, so that the insider commanded a complete view forward.
And half concealed in this queer tenement, I at length found one who by his aspect seemed to have authority; and who, it being noon, and the ship’s work suspended, was now enjoying respite from the burden of command.
He was seated on an old-fashioned oaken chair, wriggling all over with curious carving; and the bottom of which was formed of a stout interlacing of the same elastic stuff of which the wigwam was constructed.
There was nothing so very particular, perhaps, about the appearance of the elderly man I saw; he was brown and brawny, like most old seamen, and heavily rolled up in blue pilot-cloth, cut in the Quaker style; only there was a fine and almost microscopic net-work of the minutest wrinkles interlacing round his eyes, which must have arisen from his continual sailings in many hard gales, and always looking to windward;—for this causes the muscles about the eyes to become pursed together.
Such eye-wrinkles are very effectual in a scowl.
“Is this the Captain of the Pequod?” said I, advancing to the door of the tent.
“Supposing it be the captain of the Pequod, what dost thou want of him?” he demanded.
“I was thinking of shipping.”
“Thou wast, wast thou?
I see thou art no Nantucketer—ever been in a stove boat?”
“No, Sir, I never have.”
“Dost know nothing at all about whaling, I dare say—eh?
“Nothing, Sir; but I have no doubt I shall soon learn.
I’ve been several voyages in the merchant service, and I think that—”
“Merchant service be damned.
Talk not that lingo to me.

The linings were beautiful and were painted with fine skill.
The lodge was clean and the fire was bright, but there was no woman about.
"Leaning against a fine back-rest, OLD-man filled his own pipe and lighted it with a coal from the man's fire.
Then he began to smoke and look around, wondering why the man acted so queerly.
He saw a star that shone down through the smoke-hole, and the tops of several trees that were near the lodge.
Then he saw a woman way up in a tree top and right over the lodge.
She looked young and beautiful and tall.
"'Whose woman is that up there in the tree top?'
asked OLD-man.
"'She's your woman if you can catch her and will marry her,' growled the man; 'but you will have to live here and help me make a living.'
"'I'll try to catch her, and if I do I will marry her and stay here, for I am a great hunter and can easily kill what meat we want,' said Old-man.
"He went out of the lodge and climbed the tree after the woman.

“I come to bring you good news of your ship Unicorn.” The merchant bustled up in such a hurry that he forgot his gout; instantly opened the door, and who should be seen waiting but the captain and factor, with a cabinet of jewels, and a bill of lading, for which the merchant lifted up his eyes and thanked heaven for sending him such a prosperous voyage.
Then they told him the adventures of the cat, and showed him the cabinet of jewels which they had brought for Mr. Whittington.
Upon which he cried out with great earnestness, but not in the most poetical manner:
  “Go, send him in, and tell him of his fame,   And call him Mr. Whittington by name.”
It is not our business to animadvert upon these lines; we are not critics, but historians.
It is sufficient for us that they are the words of Mr. Fitzwarren; and though it is beside our purpose, and perhaps not in our power to prove him a good poet, we shall soon convince the reader that he was a good man, which was a much better character; for when some who were present told him that this treasure was too much for such a poor boy as Whittington, he said: “God forbid that I should deprive him of a penny; it is his own, and he shall have it to a farthing.” He then ordered Mr. Whittington in, who was at this time cleaning the kitchen and would have excused himself from going into the counting-house, saying the room was swept and his shoes were dirty and full of hob-nails.
The merchant, however, made him come in, and ordered a chair to be set for him.
Upon which, thinking they intended to make sport of him, as had been too often the case in the kitchen, he besought his master not to mock a poor simple fellow, who intended them no harm, but let him go about his business.
The merchant, taking him by the hand, said: “Indeed, Mr. Whittington, I am in earnest with you, and sent for you to congratulate you on your great success.
Your cat has procured you more money than I am worth in the world, and may you long enjoy it and be happy!”
At length, being shown the treasure, and convinced by them that all of it belonged to him, he fell upon his knees and thanked the Almighty for his providential care of such a poor and miserable creature.
He then laid all the treasure at his master’s feet, who refused to take any part of it, but told him he heartily rejoiced at his prosperity, and hoped the wealth he had acquired would be a comfort to him, and would make him happy.
He then applied to his mistress, and to his good friend Miss Alice, who refused to take any part of the money, but told him she heartily rejoiced at his good success, and wished him all imaginable felicity.
He then gratified the captain, factor, and the ship’s crew for the care they had taken of his cargo.
He likewise distributed presents to all the servants in the house, not forgetting even his old enemy the cook, though she little deserved it.

I felt all this of a sudden, and I refused Evgenie Pavlovitch flatly, because I am not going to be forever thrown at people’s heads to be married.
I want I want well, I’ll tell you, I wish to run away from home, and I have chosen you to help me.”
“Run away from home?” cried the prince.
“Yes yes yes!
Run away from home!” she repeated, in a transport of rage.
“I won’t, I won’t be made to blush every minute by them all!
I don’t want to blush before Prince S. or Evgenie Pavlovitch, or anyone, and therefore I have chosen you.
I shall tell you everything, everything, even the most important things of all, whenever I like, and you are to hide nothing from me on your side.
I want to speak to at least one person, as I would to myself.
They have suddenly begun to say that I am waiting for you, and in love with you.
They began this before you arrived here, and so I didn’t show them the letter, and now they all say it, every one of them.
I want to be brave, and be afraid of nobody.
I don’t want to go to their balls and things I want to do good.

His reply to Robert Y. Hayne, of South Carolina, in 1830, was regarded as one of his ablest parliamentary efforts.
Hayne attacked New England, and first advanced the doctrine of nullification, which was even more dangerous than secession, Jefferson Davis in 1860 denying that he had ever advocated or favored such a doctrine.
Webster spoke extempore, and people sent out for their lunch rather than go away in the midst of his remarks.
Webster married twice, but did not let that make any difference with his duty to his country.
He tried to farm it some, but did not amass a large sum, owing to his heavy losses in trying year after year to grow Saratoga potatoes for the Boston market.
No American, foreign or domestic, ever made a greater name for himself than Daniel Webster, but he was not so good a penman as Noah; Noah was the better pen-writer.
Noah Webster also had the better command of language of the two.
Those who have read his great work entitled "Webster's Elementary Spelling-Book, or, How One Word Led to Another," will agree with me that he was smart.
Noah never lacked for a word by which to express himself.
He was a brainy man and a good speller.
One by one our eminent men are passing away.
Mr. Webster has passed away; Napoleon Bonaparte is no more; and Dr. Mary Walker is fading away.

But these great lubberly fellows resemble mountains, not only in bulk, but in their disinclination to move.
Any other mortal man, except the very one whom Antaeus had now encountered, would have been half frightened to death by the Giant's ferocious aspect and terrible voice.
But the stranger did not seem at all disturbed.
He carelessly lifted his club, and balanced it in his hand, measuring Antaeus with his eye, from head to foot, not as if wonder-smitten at his stature, but as if he had seen a great many Giants before, and this was by no means the biggest of them.
In fact, if the Giant had been no bigger than the Pygmies (who stood pricking up their ears, and looking and listening to what was going forward), the stranger could not have been less afraid of him.
"Who are you, I say?"
roared Antaeus again.
"What's your name?
Why do you come hither?
Speak, you vagabond, or I'll try the thickness of your skull with my walking-stick!"
"You are a very discourteous Giant," answered the stranger quietly, "and I shall probably have to teach you a little civility, before we part.
As for my name, it is Hercules.

It was smooth, like the surface of a dish, and higher than their heads.
"What shall we do now?"
asked Dorothy.
"I will make a ladder," said the Tin Woodman, "for we certainly must climb over the wall."
20.
The Dainty China Country 
While the Woodman was making a ladder from wood which he found in the forest Dorothy lay down and slept, for she was tired by the long walk.
The Lion also curled himself up to sleep and Toto lay beside him.
The Scarecrow watched the Woodman while he worked, and said to him:
"I cannot think why this wall is here, nor what it is made of."
"Rest your brains and do not worry about the wall," replied the Woodman.
"When we have climbed over it, we shall know what is on the other side."
After a time the ladder was finished.
It looked clumsy, but the Tin Woodman was sure it was strong and would answer their purpose.

Harry told all about it to her and to the hot-tempered gentleman.
"Now do you think it's true?"
Polly asked the hot-tempered man.
"Hum!
Ha!"
said he, driving his hands through his hair.
"You know I warned you, you were going to the Snap-Dragons."
Harry and Polly snubbed "the little ones" when they snapped, and utterly discountenanced snapping in the nursery.
The example and admonitions of elder children are a powerful instrument of nursery discipline, and before long there was not a "sharp tongue" amongst all the little Skratdjs.
But I doubt if the parents ever were cured.
I don't know if they heard the story.
Besides, bad habits are not easily cured when one is old.

Jessy's face brightened, and she ran into the house.
If any one had been standing near just at that moment, I think it is possible that he might have seen the old gentleman's hand go into his pocket and out again very quickly, and might have heard a little splash in the kettle; but nobody was near, so, of course, I cannot say anything about it.
At any rate, when Jessy came out with the spoon, he was standing with both hands in his pockets, looking in the opposite direction.
He took the great iron spoon and fished about in the kettle for some time.
At last there was a little clinking noise, and the old gentleman lifted the spoon.
Oh, wonder and delight!
In it lay three great, broad, shining pieces of gold!
Jessy could hardly believe her eyes.
She stared and stared; and when the old gentleman put the gold into her hand, she still stood as if in a happy dream, gazing at it.
Suddenly she started, and remembered that she had not thanked her kindly helper.
She looked up, and began, "Thank you, sir;" but the old gentleman was gone.
Well, the next question was, How could Jessy possibly wait till twelve o'clock for her mother to come home?

Our parents are honest people!
Bear, thou wilt have to pay for that!”
The bear and the wolf grew uneasy, and turned back and went into their holes.
The young willow-wrens, however, continued to cry and scream, and when their parents again brought food they said, “We will not so much as touch one fly’s leg, no, not if we were dying of hunger, until you have settled whether we are respectable children or not; the bear has been here and has insulted us!” Then the old King said, “Be easy, he shall be punished,” and he at once flew with the Queen to the bear’s cave, and called in, “Old Growler, why hast thou insulted my children?
Thou shalt suffer for it we will punish thee by a bloody war.” Thus war was announced to the Bear, and all four-footed animals were summoned to take part in it, oxen, asses, cows, deer, and every other animal the earth contained.
And the willow-wren summoned everything which flew in the air, not only birds, large and small, but midges, and hornets, bees and flies had to come.
When the time came for the war to begin, the willow-wren sent out spies to discover who was the enemy’s commander-in-chief.
The gnat, who was the most crafty, flew into the forest where the enemy was assembled, and hid herself beneath a leaf of the tree where the watchword was to be given.
There stood the bear, and he called the fox before him and said, “Fox, thou art the most cunning of all animals, thou shalt be general and lead us.” “Good,” said the fox, “but what signal shall we agree upon?” No one knew that, so the fox said, “I have a fine long bushy tail, which almost looks like a plume of red feathers.
When I lift my tail up quite high, all is going well, and you must charge; but if I let it hang down, run away as fast as you can.” When the gnat had heard that, she flew away again, and revealed everything, with the greatest minuteness, to the willow-wren.
When day broke, and the battle was to begin, all the four-footed animals came running up with such a noise that the earth trembled.
The willow-wren also came flying through the air with his army with such a humming, and whirring, and swarming that every one was uneasy and afraid, and on both sides they advanced against each other.
But the willow-wren sent down the hornet, with orders to get beneath the fox’s tail, and sting with all his might.

The gentle sweetness of his wife melted every heart into love and sympathy.
He was much older than she, without doubt.
But age, as he used to say with a smile of immortal youth, is a matter of feeling, not of years.
And if, sometimes, as she sat by his side upon the piazza, her fancy looked through her eyes upon that summer sea and saw a younger lover, perhaps some one of those graceful and glowing heroes who occupy the foreground of all young maidens' visions by the sea, yet she could not find one more generous and gracious, nor fancy one more worthy and loving than my grandfather Titbottom.
And if in the moonlit midnight, while he lay calmly sleeping, she leaned out of the window and sank into vague reveries of sweet possibility, and watched the gleaming path of the moonlight upon the water, until the dawn glided over it it was only that mood of nameless regret and longing, which underlies all human happiness, or it was the vision of that life of society, which she had never seen, but of which she had often read, and which looked very fair and alluring across the sea to a girlish imagination which knew that it should never know that reality.
"These West Indian years were the great days of the family," said Titbottom, with an air of majestic and regal regret, pausing and musing in our little parlor, like a late Stuart in exile, remembering England.
Prue raised her eyes from her work, and looked at him with a subdued admiration; for I have observed that, like the rest of her sex, she has a singular sympathy with the representative of a reduced family.
Perhaps it is their finer perception which leads these tender-hearted women to recognize the divine right of social superiority so much more readily than we; and yet, much as Titbottom was enhanced in my wife's admiration by the discovery that his dusky sadness of nature and expression was, as it were, the expiring gleam and late twilight of ancestral splendors, I doubt if Mr. Bourne would have preferred him for bookkeeper a moment sooner upon that account.
In truth, I have observed, down town, that the fact of your ancestors doing nothing is not considered good proof that you can do anything.
But Prue and her sex regard sentiment more than action, and I understand easily enough why she is never tired of hearing me read of Prince Charlie.
If Titbottom had been only a little younger, a little handsomer, a little more gallantly dressed in fact, a little more of the Prince Charlie, I am sure her eyes would not have fallen again upon her work so tranquilly, as he resumed his story.
"I can remember my grandfather Titbottom, although I was a very young child, and he was a very old man.

"Have you really the courage to go out into the wide world with me?"
asked the chimney sweep.
"Have you considered how large it is, and that if we go, we can never come back?"
"I have," replied she.
And the chimney sweep looked earnestly at her and said, "My way lies through the chimney.
Have you really the courage to go with me through the stove, and creep through the flues and the tunnel?
Well do I know the way!
we shall come out by the chimney, and then I shall know how to manage.
We shall mount so high that they can never reach us, and at the top there is an opening that leads out into the wide world."
And he led her to the door of the stove.
"Oh, how black it looks!"
she said.

In the middle of the wall hung a picture representing a beautiful lady, so young, so glad, but dressed quite as in former times, with clothes that stood quite stiff, and with powder in her hair; she neither said “thankee, thankee!” nor “cranky, cranky!” but looked with her mild eyes at the little boy, who directly asked the old man, “Where did you get her?”
“Yonder, at the broker's,” said the old man, “where there are so many pictures hanging.
No one knows or cares about them, for they are all of them buried; but I knew her in by-gone days, and now she has been dead and gone these fifty years!”
Under the picture, in a glazed frame, there hung a bouquet of withered flowers; they were almost fifty years old; they looked so very old!
The pendulum of the great clock went to and fro, and the hands turned, and everything in the room became still older; but they did not observe it.
“They say at home,” said the little boy, “that you are so very, very lonely!”
“Oh!” said he.
“The old thoughts, with what they may bring with them, come and visit me, and now you also come!
I am very well off!”
Then he took a book with pictures in it down from the shelf; there were whole long processions and pageants, with the strangest characters, which one never sees now-a-days; soldiers like the knave of clubs, and citizens with waving flags: the tailors had theirs, with a pair of shears held by two lions and the shoemakers theirs, without boots, but with an eagle that had two heads, for the shoemakers must have everything so that they can say, it is a pair!
Yes, that was a picture book!
The old man now went into the other room to fetch preserves, apples, and nuts yes, it was delightful over there in the old house.
“I cannot bear it any longer!” said the pewter soldier, who sat on the drawers.
“It is so lonely and melancholy here!
But when one has been in a family circle one cannot accustom oneself to this life!
I cannot bear it any longer!

"Ah!
How do you do, Mr. Wooster?
You have never met my son, Wilmot, I think?
Motty, darling, this is Mr.
Wooster."
Lady Malvern was a hearty, happy, healthy, overpowering sort of dashed female, not so very tall but making up for it by measuring about six feet from the O.P.
to the Prompt Side.
She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season.
She had bright, bulging eyes and a lot of yellow hair, and when she spoke she showed about fifty-seven front teeth.
She was one of those women who kind of numb a fellow's faculties.
She made me feel as if I were ten years old and had been brought into the drawing-room in my Sunday clothes to say how-d'you-do.
Altogether by no means the sort of thing a chappie would wish to find in his sitting-room before breakfast.

I'll supply the money."
and Aunt Carrol to reply decidedly, "I certainly will, if her father and mother consent."
CHAPTER THIRTY 
CONSEQUENCES 
Mrs. Chester's fair was so very elegant and select that it was considered a great honor by the young ladies of the neighborhood to be invited to take a table, and everyone was much interested in the matter.
Amy was asked, but Jo was not, which was fortunate for all parties, as her elbows were decidedly akimbo at this period of her life, and it took a good many hard knocks to teach her how to get on easily.
The 'haughty, uninteresting creature' was let severely alone, but Amy's talent and taste were duly complimented by the offer of the art table, and she exerted herself to prepare and secure appropriate and valuable contributions to it.
Everything went on smoothly till the day before the fair opened, then there occurred one of the little skirmishes which it is almost impossible to avoid, when some five-and-twenty women, old and young, with all their private piques and prejudices, try to work together.
May Chester was rather jealous of Amy because the latter was a greater favorite than herself, and just at this time several trifling circumstances occurred to increase the feeling.
Amy's dainty pen-and-ink work entirely eclipsed May's painted vases that was one thorn.
Then the all conquering Tudor had danced four times with Amy at a late party and only once with May that was thorn number two.
But the chief grievance that rankled in her soul, and gave an excuse for her unfriendly conduct, was a rumor which some obliging gossip had whispered to her, that the March girls had made fun of her at the Lambs'.
All the blame of this should have fallen upon Jo, for her naughty imitation had been too lifelike to escape detection, and the frolicsome Lambs had permitted the joke to escape.
No hint of this had reached the culprits, however, and Amy's dismay can be imagined, when, the very evening before the fair, as she was putting the last touches to her pretty table, Mrs. Chester, who, of course, resented the supposed ridicule of her daughter, said, in a bland tone, but with a cold look...
"I find, dear, that there is some feeling among the young ladies about my giving this table to anyone but my girls.

"This, then," said Cadmus, gazing around him, "this is to be my home."
It was a fertile and lovely plain, with great trees flinging their sun-speckled shadows over it, and hills fencing it in from the rough weather.
At no great distance, they beheld a river gleaming in the sunshine.
A home feeling stole into the heart of poor Cadmus.
He was very glad to know that here he might awake in the morning without the necessity of putting on his dusty sandals to travel farther and farther.
The days and the years would pass over him, and find him still in this pleasant spot.
If he could have had his brothers with him, and his friend Thasus, and could have seen his dear mother under a roof of his own, he might here have been happy after all their disappointments.
Some day or other, too, his sister Europa might have come quietly to the door of his home, and smiled round upon the familiar faces.
But, indeed, since there was no hope of regaining the friends of his boyhood, or ever seeing his dear sister again, Cadmus resolved to make himself happy with these new companions, who had grown so fond of him while following the cow.
"Yes, my friends," said he to them, "this is to be our home.
Here we will build our habitations.
The brindled cow, which has led us hither, will supply us with milk.

I saw it going into your house as I came by, and if she hadn't defended it manfully I'd have had a pick at it, for it looked like a remarkably plummy one."
"I wonder if you will ever grow up, Laurie," said Meg in a matronly tone.
"I'm doing my best, ma'am, but can't get much higher, I'm afraid, as six feet is about all men can do in these degenerate days," responded the young gentleman, whose head was about level with the little chandelier.
"I suppose it would be profanation to eat anything in this spick-and-span bower, so as I'm tremendously hungry, I propose an adjournment," he added presently.
"Mother and I are going to wait for John.
There are some last things to settle," said Meg, bustling away.
"Beth and I are going over to Kitty Bryant's to get more flowers for tomorrow," added Amy, tying a picturesque hat over her picturesque curls, and enjoying the effect as much as anybody.
"Come, Jo, don't desert a fellow.
I'm in such a state of exhaustion I can't get home without help.
Don't take off your apron, whatever you do, it's peculiarly becoming," said Laurie, as Jo bestowed his especial aversion in her capacious pocket and offered her arm to support his feeble steps.
"Now, Teddy, I want to talk seriously to you about tomorrow," began Jo, as they strolled away together.
"You must promise to behave well, and not cut up any pranks, and spoil our plans."

It was a commanding position from which to subdue Mrs. Gradgrind.
He stopped in his harangue, which was entirely concerned with the story of his early disadvantages, at the entrance of his eminently practical friend and the two young culprits.
"Well!"
blustered Mr. Bounderby, "what's the matter?
What is young Thomas in the dumps about?"
He spoke of young Thomas, but he looked at Louisa.
"We were peeping at the circus," muttered Louisa haughtily; "and father caught us."
"And, Mrs. Gradgrind," said her husband, in a lofty manner, "I should as soon have expected to find my children reading poetry."
"Dear me!"
whimpered Mrs. Gradgrind.
"How can you, Louisa and Thomas?
I wonder at you.

The worst is over.
I am an animal again.
I can bear it.’
‘When you got into that that trouble of yours,’ said the Rat, slowly and impressively; ‘I mean, when you disappeared from society for a time, over that misunderstanding about a a machine, you know ’
Toad merely nodded.
‘Well, it was a good deal talked about down here, naturally,’ continued the Rat, ‘not only along the river-side, but even in the Wild Wood.
Animals took sides, as always happens.
The River-bankers stuck up for you, and said you had been infamously treated, and there was no justice to be had in the land nowadays.
But the Wild Wood animals said hard things, and served you right, and it was time this sort of thing was stopped.
And they got very cocky, and went about saying you were done for this time!
You would never come back again, never, never!’
Toad nodded once more, keeping silence.
‘That’s the sort of little beasts they are,’ the Rat went on.
‘But Mole and Badger, they stuck out, through thick and thin, that you would come back again soon, somehow.
They didn’t know exactly how, but somehow!’
Toad began to sit up in his chair again, and to smirk a little.

General Poineau removed his glasses and gave an impatient twirl to his mustache.
Mr.
Scobell, who for possibly the first time in his career was not smoking (though, as was afterward made manifest, he had the materials on his person), bustled to the front.
"Where's his nibs, Crump?"
he enquired.
The secretary's reply was swept away in a flood of melody.
To the band Mr. Crump's face was strange.
They had no reason to suppose that he was not Prince John, and they acted accordingly.
With a rattle of drums they burst once more into their spirited rendering of the national anthem.
Mr. Scobell sawed the air with his arms, but was powerless to dam the flood.
"His Highness is shaving, sir!"
bawled Mr. Crump, depositing his grip on the quay and making a trumpet of his hands.
"Shaving!"

Well!
So at last the Princess said she guessed she would marry the King of the Golden Mines, 'cause he was puffickly beautiful, and most prob'ly the old dwarf wouldn't dare to say a word when he found how beautiful he was, and strong and big and rich and everything."
"No!"
said the dwarf, bitterly.
"The poor dwarf would have no chance, certainly, against that kind of king.
He might as well have given up in the beginning."
"But, Mark, this dwarf wasn't poor, or anything else but just as horrid as he could be.
Why, when the Princess and the King was going to be married, all in gold and silver, wiz roses and candy and everything lovely, they saw a box coming along, and an old woman was on it and she said she was the Desert Fairy, and the Yellow Dwarf was her friend, and they shouldn't get married.
So they said they didn't care, they would oh, and she said if they did she would burn her crutch; and they said they didn't care one bit if she did.
They were just as brave!
And the King of the Golden Mines told her get out, or he would kill her; and then the top of the box comed off, and there was the Yellow Dwarf, and he was riding on a cat, did ever you ride on a cat, Mark?"
"No, never."

Trateratra!” and the swords and armor on the knights' portraits rattled, and the silk gowns rustled; the hog's leather spoke, and the old chairs had the gout in their legs and rheumatism in their backs: Ugh!
it was exactly like the first time, for over there one day and hour was just like another.
“I cannot bear it!” said the pewter soldier.
“I have shed pewter tears!
It is too melancholy!
Rather let me go to the wars and lose arms and legs!
It would at least be a change.
I cannot bear it longer!
Now, I know what it is to have a visit from one's old thoughts, with what they may bring with them!
I have had a visit from mine, and you may be sure it is no pleasant thing in the end; I was at last about to jump down from the drawers.
“I saw you all over there at home so distinctly, as if you really were here; it was again that Sunday morning; all you children stood before the table and sung your Psalms, as you do every morning.
You stood devoutly with folded hands; and father and mother were just as pious; and then the door was opened, and little sister Mary, who is not two years old yet, and who always dances when she hears music or singing, of whatever kind it may be, was put into the room though she ought not to have been there and then she began to dance, but could not keep time, because the tones were so long; and then she stood, first on the one leg, and bent her head forwards, and then on the other leg, and bent her head forwards but all would not do.

You cannot stay in my house."
"You are my aunty," said the prince; "let me remain with you for this one night.
You see it is evening, and if I go into the jungle, then the wild beasts will eat me."
"Well," said the old woman, "you may stay here to-night; but to-morrow morning you must go away, for if the king hears you have passed the night in my house, he will have me seized and put into prison."
Then she took him into her house, and the Raja's son was very glad.
The old woman began preparing dinner, but he stopped her, "Aunty," he said, "I will give you food."
He put his hand into his bag, saying, "Bag, I want some dinner," and the bag gave him instantly a delicious dinner, served up on two gold plates.
The old woman and the Raja's son then dined together.
When they had finished eating, the old woman said, "Now I will fetch some water."
"Don't go," said the prince.
"You shall have plenty of water directly."
So he took his bowl and said to it, "Bowl, I want some water," and then it filled with water.

To do Midas justice, he really loved his daughter, and loved her so much the more this morning, on account of the good fortune which had befallen him.
It was not a great while before he heard her coming along the passageway crying bitterly.
This circumstance surprised him, because Marygold was one of the cheerfullest little people whom you would see in a summer's day, and hardly shed a thimbleful of tears in a twelvemonth.
When Midas heard her sobs, he determined to put little Marygold into better spirits, by an agreeable surprise; so, leaning across the table, he touched his daughter's bowl (which was a China one, with pretty figures all around it), and transmuted it to gleaming gold.
Meanwhile, Marygold slowly and disconsolately opened the door, and showed herself with her apron at her eyes, still sobbing as if her heart would break.
"How now, my little lady!"
cried Midas.
"Pray what is the matter with you, this bright morning?"
Marygold, without taking the apron from her eyes, held out her hand, in which was one of the roses which Midas had so recently transmuted.
"Beautiful!"
exclaimed her father.
"And what is there in this magnificent golden rose to make you cry?"

In front of the palace stood the guards with their iron staves; in the halls all the wise and learned people were gathered together, and the Tsar himself was sitting on his high throne looking very grim and thoughtful.
"Listen to me," he said when the peasants approached, "you, my brave fellows, my clever brothers Simeon.
I like your trades and I think, as do my wise advisers, that if thou, the second Simeon, art able to see everything going on under the sun, thou shouldst climb quickly on yonder column and glance around to see if there is, as they say, beyond the great sea an island, Buzan by name.
And see if on that island, as men assert, there is a mighty kingdom, and in that kingdom a mighty king, and if that king, as the story goes, has a daughter, the most beautiful princess Helena."
The second Simeon bowed and ran quickly, even forgetting to put on his cap.
He went straight to the column, climbed it, looked around, came down, and this was his report:
"Tsar Archidei Aggeivitch, I have accomplished thy sovereign wish.
I looked far beyond the sea and have seen the island Buzan.
Mighty is the king there, and he is proud and merciless.
He sits within his palace and his speech is always the same:
'I am a great king and I have a most beautiful daughter, the princess Helena.
There is no one in the universe more beautiful and more wise than she; there is no bridegroom worthy of her in any place under the bright sun, no tsar, no king, no tsarevitch, no korolevitch.
To no one will I ever give my daughter, the princess Helena, and whoever shall dare to court her, on such an one will I declare war, ruin his country, and capture himself.'"
"And how great is the army of that king?"

When therefore the innkeeper, the three army-surgeons, and everyone else in the house were asleep, the soldier came and wanted something to eat.
The girl opened the cupboard and brought him some food, and in her love forgot to shut the cupboard-door again; She seated herself at the table by her lover, and they chattered away together.
While she sat so contentedly there, thinking of no ill luck, the cat came creeping in, found the cupboard open, took the hand and heart and eyes of the three army-surgeons, and ran off with them.
When the soldier had done eating, and the girl was taking away the things and going to shut the cupboard she saw that the plate which the innkeeper had given her to take care of, was empty.
Then she said in a fright to her lover, “Ah, miserable girl, what shall I do?
The hand is gone, the heart and the eyes are gone too, what will become of me in the morning?” “Be easy,” said he, “I will help thee out of thy trouble there is a thief hanging outside on the gallows, I will cut off his hand.
Which hand was it?” “The right one.” Then the girl gave him a sharp knife, and he went and cut the poor sinner’s right hand off, and brought it to her.
After this he caught the cat and cut its eyes out, and now nothing but the heart was wanting.
“Have you not been killing, and are not the dead pigs in the cellar?” said he.
“Yes,” said the girl.
“That’s well,” said the soldier, and he went down and fetched a pig’s heart.
The girl placed all together on the plate, and put it in the cupboard, and when after this her lover took leave of her, she went quietly to bed.

There were no fences at all by the roadside now, and the land was rough and untilled.
Toward evening they came to a great forest, where the trees grew so big and close together that their branches met over the road of yellow brick.
It was almost dark under the trees, for the branches shut out the daylight; but the travelers did not stop, and went on into the forest.
"If this road goes in, it must come out," said the Scarecrow, "and as the Emerald City is at the other end of the road, we must go wherever it leads us."
"Anyone would know that," said Dorothy.
"Certainly; that is why I know it," returned the Scarecrow.
"If it required brains to figure it out, I never should have said it."
After an hour or so the light faded away, and they found themselves stumbling along in the darkness.
Dorothy could not see at all, but Toto could, for some dogs see very well in the dark; and the Scarecrow declared he could see as well as by day.
So she took hold of his arm and managed to get along fairly well.
"If you see any house, or any place where we can pass the night," she said, "you must tell me; for it is very uncomfortable walking in the dark."
Soon after the Scarecrow stopped.

I think myself that it is a page from some private diary.
The writing is undoubtedly my uncle’s.”
Holmes moved the lamp, and we both bent over the sheet of paper, which showed by its ragged edge that it had indeed been torn from a book.
It was headed, “March, 1869,” and beneath were the following enigmatical notices:
“4th.
Hudson came.
Same old platform.
“7th.
Set the pips on McCauley, Paramore, and John Swain of St.
Augustine.
“9th.
McCauley cleared.
“10th.
John Swain cleared.
“12th.

And you defeated them!
Odulph.
Yes, because of the carelessness of the Danes.
They believed they had us in their power, and they never dreamed we would leave the castle walls.
Few as we were, we fell upon them and slew their chiefs.
The soldiers fled, and left our men victorious.
Then my father raised the cry, "Alfred the king!"
All the country is calling, "Alfred the king!"
Alfred.
The time is ripe.
I thank you, Odulph.
Your father is a noble man, and I shall know how to show a king's gratitude to you both.

Of course you know nothing of these matters, for you are a provincial.”
“There is no good talking to him,” said a Dragon-fly, who was sitting on the top of a large brown bulrush; “no good at all, for he has gone away.”
“Well, that is his loss, not mine,” answered the Rocket.
“I am not going to stop talking to him merely because he pays no attention.
I like hearing myself talk.
It is one of my greatest pleasures.
I often have long conversations all by myself, and I am so clever that sometimes I don’t understand a single word of what I am saying.”
“Then you should certainly lecture on Philosophy,” said the Dragon-fly; and he spread a pair of lovely gauze wings and soared away into the sky.
“How very silly of him not to stay here!” said the Rocket.
“I am sure that he has not often got such a chance of improving his mind.
However, I don’t care a bit.
Genius like mine is sure to be appreciated some day”; and he sank down a little deeper into the mud.
After some time a large White Duck swam up to him.
She had yellow legs, and webbed feet, and was considered a great beauty on account of her waddle.
“Quack, quack, quack,” she said.

"Not quite ripe," he said, and he put it back into the bed.
He tried several others, and he picked a good many.
Some of them cried, some said "Mamma" and "Papa," and some danced when they were wound up.
"Oh, do come over here, Margaret!"
Jack called.
Margaret ran over to another bed and there were drums big drums, little drums, and middle sized drums; yellow drums, blue drums, green drums, red drums.
"Can we gather some of these?"
said Jack to the Brownie.
"Why, of course.
Let's see if this one is ripe."
The Brownie took up a little red drum, and gave it a thump with a drum stick.
But it made such a queer sound that Jack and Margaret both laughed out loud.

are you back again?"
he asked, in surprise.
"Do you not see us?"
answered the Scarecrow.
"But I thought you had gone to visit the Wicked Witch of the West."
"We did visit her," said the Scarecrow.
"And she let you go again?"
asked the man, in wonder.
"She could not help it, for she is melted," explained the Scarecrow.
"Melted!
Well, that is good news, indeed," said the man.
"Who melted her?"

After we have stolen their shapes, the helpless mortals will be seized by Styg and Ebo and returned here, where they will be our prisoners.
Then we will be free to search through Ozma's magic record books.
As soon as we locate the magical antidote to Lurline's enchantment, we will break the spell binding our subjects.
By the time Ozma and Glinda return, Oz will be overrun by Mimics, and we shall be ready to give their royal highnesses a proper reception!"
Queen Ra smiled wickedly as she finished this recital.
The owl eyes of King Umb had been regarding Queen Ra intently as she revealed her plan.
When she had finished, an evil leer spread over the King's furry features.
"Ra," said King Umb, "you are the most wicked Queen who ever ruled the Mimics!"
And that, by Mimic standards, was the highest compliment King Umb could pay his Queen.
Several hours after midnight, King Umb and Queen Ra, followed by the two Mimics, Styg and Ebo, slipped outside the entrance of the hollow mountain.
Immediately all four assumed the shapes of giant birds, black of plumage and with powerful wings.
During the creatures' long flight over the Deadly Desert to Oz, they changed shapes a number of times, but always to another form of powerful bird.

and Laurie pulled his own hair, with a remorseful look.
But Jo only turned over the traitorous pillow, and answered, in a tone which she tried to make more cheerful, "No, I had Father and Mother to help me, and the dear babies to comfort me, and the thought that you and Amy were safe and happy, to make the troubles here easier to bear.
I am lonely, sometimes, but I dare say it's good for me, and..."
"You never shall be again," broke in Laurie, putting his arm about her, as if to fence out every human ill.  "Amy and I can't get on without you, so you must come and teach 'the children' to keep house, and go halves in everything, just as we used to do, and let us pet you, and all be blissfully happy and friendly together."
"If I shouldn't be in the way, it would be very pleasant.
I begin to feel quite young already, for somehow all my troubles seemed to fly away when you came.
You always were a comfort, Teddy," and Jo leaned her head on his shoulder, just as she did years ago, when Beth lay ill and Laurie told her to hold on to him.
He looked down at her, wondering if she remembered the time, but Jo was smiling to herself, as if in truth her troubles had all vanished at his coming.
"You are the same Jo still, dropping tears about one minute, and laughing the next.
You look a little wicked now.
What is it, Grandma?"
"I was wondering how you and Amy get on together."
"Like angels!"

"Dare you answer me thus?
Take that," and he lunged at him with his lance.
But Eiko moved quickly aside, and at the same time, raising his sword, he wounded the head of the General's horse.
Obliged to dismount, Hako was about to rush at his antagonist, when Eiko, as quick as lightning, tore from his breast the badge of commandership and galloped away.
The action was so quick that Hako stood dazed, not knowing what to do.
The Empress had been a spectator of the scene, and she could not but admire the quickness of the ambitious Eiko, and in order to pacify the rivals she determined to appoint them both to the Generalship of the front army.
So Hako was made commander of the left wing of the front army, and Eiko of the right.
One hundred thousand soldiers followed them and marched to put down the rebel Kokai.
Within a short time the two Generals reached the castle where Kokai had fortified himself.
When aware of their approach, the wizard said:
"I will blow these two poor children away with one breath."
(He little thought how hard he would find the fight.)
With these words Kokai seized an iron rod and mounted a black horse, and rushed forth like an angry tiger to meet his two foes.

The time came when a little Lucie lay on her bosom.
But there were other echoes that rumbled menacingly in the distance, with a sound as of a great storm in France, with a dreadful sea rising.
It was August of the year 1792.
Charles Darnay talked in a low voice with Mr. Lorry in Tellson's Bank.
The bank had a branch in Paris, and the London establishment was the headquarters of the aristocratic emigrants who had fled from France.
"And do you really go to Paris to-night?"
asked Darnay.
"I do.
You can have no conception of the peril in which our books and papers over yonder are involved, and the getting them out of harm's way is in the power of scarcely anyone but myself."
As Mr. Lorry spoke a letter was laid before him.
Darnay saw the direction it was to himself.
"To Monsieur heretofore the Marquis St.

However she must sing to him when he came to visit his neighbor the field-mouse.
When she had sung "Ladybird, Ladybird, fly away home,"
and "Boys and girls come out to play," the mole was charmed, and thought he would like to marry the little maiden with the beautiful voice.
Then he tried to be very agreeable.
He invited the field-mouse and Thumbelina to walk along the underground passage he had dug between their houses.
Mr. Mole was very fond of digging underground.
As it was dark the mole took a piece of tinder-wood in his mouth and led the way.
The tinder-wood shone like a torch in the dark passage.
A little bird lay in the passage, a little bird who had not flown away when the flowers faded and the cold winds blew.
It was dead, the mole said.
When he reached the bird, the mole stopped and pushed his nose right up through the ceiling to make a hole, through which the daylight might shine.
There lay the swallow, his wings pressed close to his side His little head and legs drawn in under his feathers.
He had died of cold.

In times of strong emotion mankind disdain all base considerations; but such times are evanescent.
The permanent constitutional condition of the manufactured man, thought Ahab, is sordidness.
Granting that the White Whale fully incites the hearts of this my savage crew, and playing round their savageness even breeds a certain generous knight-errantism in them, still, while for the love of it they give chase to Moby Dick, they must also have food for their more common, daily appetites.
For even the high lifted and chivalric Crusaders of old times were not content to traverse two thousand miles of land to fight for their holy sepulchre, without committing burglaries, picking pockets, and gaining other pious perquisites by the way.
Had they been strictly held to their one final and romantic object—that final and romantic object, too many would have turned from in disgust.
I will not strip these men, thought Ahab, of all hopes of cash—aye, cash.
They may scorn cash now; but let some months go by, and no perspective promise of it to them, and then this same quiescent cash all at once mutinying in them, this same cash would soon cashier Ahab.
Nor was there wanting still another precautionary motive more related to Ahab personally.
Having impulsively, it is probable, and perhaps somewhat prematurely revealed the prime but private purpose of the Pequod’s voyage, Ahab was now entirely conscious that, in so doing, he had indirectly laid himself open to the unanswerable charge of usurpation; and with perfect impunity, both moral and legal, his crew if so disposed, and to that end competent, could refuse all further obedience to him, and even violently wrest from him the command.
From even the barely hinted imputation of usurpation, and the possible consequences of such a suppressed impression gaining ground, Ahab must of course have been most anxious to protect himself.
That protection could only consist in his own predominating brain and heart and hand, backed by a heedful, closely calculating attention to every minute atmospheric influence which it was possible for his crew to be subjected to.
For all these reasons then, and others perhaps too analytic to be verbally developed here, Ahab plainly saw that he must still in a good degree continue true to the natural, nominal purpose of the Pequod’s voyage; observe all customary usages; and not only that, but force himself to evince all his well known passionate interest in the general pursuit of his profession.

There was another dreadful moment when the minister's daughter went home.
They had played games until a very late hour, for Corinna, and she dressed so hurriedly that she did not observe that anything had happened to her hat, but as she went down the garden walk Jason and Minty saw in the moonlight the rooster's feathers blowing from it.
The next morning, in the privacy afforded by the great woodpile, to which Jason had gone to chop his daily stint, the children debated the advisability of committing the white turkey to the care of Lot Rankin, who lived with his widowed mother on the edge of the woods.
"It's hard to get a chance to feed her," said Jason, "and she may squawk."
"Lot Rankin may tell," suggested Minty.
And she heaved a great sigh.
Conspiracy came hard to Minty.
Just then the voice of the new minister's daughter came to their ears.
She was talking with Aunt Kittredge on the other side of the woodpile.
"There was a high wind last night when I went home, and I suppose it blew away.
I am very sorry to lose it, because it was so pretty, and it was a present, too," she said.
"Maybe the children have found it; they're round everywhere," said Aunt Kittredge.

“Yes, my dear, it was an old abbot of that name I must be off to see the count, he’s waiting for me, I’m late Good-bye!
Au revoir, prince!” and the general bolted at full speed.
“Oh, yes I know what count you’re going to see!” remarked his wife in a cutting manner, as she turned her angry eyes on the prince.
“Now then, what’s all this about?
What abbot Who’s Pafnute?” she added, brusquely.
“Mamma!” said Alexandra, shocked at her rudeness.
Aglaya stamped her foot.
“Nonsense!
Let me alone!” said the angry mother.
“Now then, prince, sit down here, no, nearer, come nearer the light!
I want to have a good look at you.
So, now then, who is this abbot?”
“Abbot Pafnute,” said our friend, seriously and with deference.

ah, ha!
catch me, if you can!
You can't catch me, I'm a gingerbread man!
Mr. Fox.
Can't I?
Well, I have caught you; and now let me see if you are good to eat.
First, I'll try one of your arms.
That tastes good!
Gingerbread Man.
I'm going!
Mr. Fox.
And now the other arm!

THE FOX AND THE GRAPES 
A hungry fox discovered some bunches of grapes hanging from a vine high up a tree, and, as he gazed, longed to get at them, and could not; so he left them hanging there and went off muttering, "They're sour grapes."
THE FROG AND THE OX 
An ox, grazing in a swampy meadow, chanced to set his foot among a parcel of young frogs, and crushed nearly the whole brood to death.
One that escaped ran off to his mother with the dreadful news.
"O mother," said he, "it was a beast such a big four-footed beast, that did it!"
"Big?"
quoth the old frog, "How big?
was it as big" and she puffed herself out "as big as this?"
"Oh, a great deal bigger than that."
"Well, was it so big?"
and she swelled herself out yet more.
"Indeed, mother, but it was; and if you were to burst yourself, you would never reach half its size."
The old frog made one more trial, determined to be as big as the ox, and burst herself, indeed.

There were preliminary bouts before the main event.
A burly gentleman in shirt-sleeves entered the ring, followed by two slim youths in fighting costume and a massive person in a red jersey, blue serge trousers, and yellow braces, who chewed gum with an abstracted air throughout the proceedings.
The burly gentleman gave tongue in a voice that cleft the air like a cannon ball.
"Ex-hibit-i-on four-round bout between Patsy Milligan and Tommy Goodley, members of this club.
Patsy on my right, Tommy on my left.
Gentlemen will kindly stop smokin'."
The audience did nothing of the sort.
Possibly they did not apply the description to themselves.
Possibly they considered the appeal a mere formula.
Somewhere in the background a gong sounded, and Patsy, from the right, stepped briskly forward to meet Tommy, approaching from the left.
The contest was short but energetic.
At intervals the combatants would cling affectionately to one another, and on these occasions the red-jerseyed man, still chewing gum and still wearing the same air of being lost in abstract thought, would split up the mass by the simple method of ploughing his way between the pair.

If you do as I have told you the splasher will be killed and you must then take his hide and wear it always.
The skin that the splasher wears will make you a lucky man.
It will make anybody lucky and you may tell your people that it is so.
"'Now go, for it is nearly day and we must sleep.'
"The young-man took his bow and arrow and the stick the white Beaver had given him and started on his journey.
All the day he travelled, and far into the night.
At last he came to a river and on the bank he saw the great cottonwood-tree, just as the ghost Owl had told him.
At the tree the young-man turned down the stream and in the dark easily found his way along the bank.
Very soon he heard a great splashing in the water near him, and zipp he let the arrow go at the sound then all was still again.
He stood and looked and listened, but for a long time could see nothing hear nothing.
"Then the moon came out from under a cloud and just where her light struck the river, he saw some animal floating dead.
With the magic stick the young-man walked out on the water, seized the animal by the legs and drew it ashore.

His fur was much thicker than Bagheera’s, but he had suffered sorely in the fight.
Then Kaa opened his mouth for the first time and spoke one long hissing word, and the far-away monkeys, hurrying to the defense of the Cold Lairs, stayed where they were, cowering, till the loaded branches bent and crackled under them.
The monkeys on the walls and the empty houses stopped their cries, and in the stillness that fell upon the city Mowgli heard Bagheera shaking his wet sides as he came up from the tank.
Then the clamor broke out again.
The monkeys leaped higher up the walls.
They clung around the necks of the big stone idols and shrieked as they skipped along the battlements, while Mowgli, dancing in the summerhouse, put his eye to the screenwork and hooted owl-fashion between his front teeth, to show his derision and contempt.
“Get the man-cub out of that trap; I can do no more,” Bagheera gasped.
“Let us take the man-cub and go.
They may attack again.”
“They will not move till I order them.
Stay you sssso!” Kaa hissed, and the city was silent once more.
“I could not come before, Brother, but I think I heard thee call” this was to Bagheera.
“I I may have cried out in the battle,” Bagheera answered.

But you simply must fit, and Peter measures you for your tree as carefully as for a suit of clothes: the only difference being that the clothes are made to fit you, while you have to be made to fit the tree.
Usually it is done quite easily, as by your wearing too many garments or too few, but if you are bumpy in awkward places or the only available tree is an odd shape, Peter does some things to you, and after that you fit.
Once you fit, great care must be taken to go on fitting, and this, as Wendy was to discover to her delight, keeps a whole family in perfect condition.
Wendy and Michael fitted their trees at the first try, but John had to be altered a little.
After a few days' practice they could go up and down as gaily as buckets in a well.
And how ardently they grew to love their home under the ground; especially Wendy.
It consisted of one large room, as all houses should do, with a floor in which you could dig [for worms] if you wanted to go fishing, and in this floor grew stout mushrooms of a charming colour, which were used as stools.
A Never tree tried hard to grow in the centre of the room, but every morning they sawed the trunk through, level with the floor.
By tea-time it was always about two feet high, and then they put a door on top of it, the whole thus becoming a table; as soon as they cleared away, they sawed off the trunk again, and thus there was more room to play.
There was an enormous fireplace which was in almost any part of the room where you cared to light it, and across this Wendy stretched strings, made of fibre, from which she suspended her washing.
The bed was tilted against the wall by day, and let down at 6:30, when it filled nearly half the room; and all the boys slept in it, except Michael, lying like sardines in a tin.
There was a strict rule against turning round until one gave the signal, when all turned at once.

He may be a great man, but he is a very silly fellow, and he shall pay for what he has said.” So when the hedgehog reached home, he said to his wife, “Wife, dress thyself quickly, thou must go out to the field with me.”
“What is going on, then?” said his wife.
“I have made a wager with the hare, for a gold louis-d’or and a bottle of brandy.
I am to run a race with him, and thou must be present.” “Good heavens, husband,” the wife now cried, “art thou not right in thy mind, hast thou completely lost thy wits?
What can make thee want to run a race with the hare?” “Hold thy tongue, woman,” said the hedgehog, “that is my affair.
Don’t begin to discuss things which are matters for men.
Be off, dress thyself, and come with me.” What could the hedgehog’s wife do?
She was forced to obey him, whether she liked it or not.
So when they had set out on their way together, the hedgehog said to his wife, “Now pay attention to what I am going to say.
Look you, I will make the long field our race-course.
The hare shall run in one furrow, and I in another, and we will begin to run from the top.
Now all that thou hast to do is to place thyself here below in the furrow, and when the hare arrives at the end of the furrow, on the other side of thee, thou must cry out to him, ‘I am here already!’”
Then they reached the field, and the hedgehog showed his wife her place, and then walked up the field.
When he reached the top, the hare was already there.

"My good mother used to help me..."
"As you do us..." interrupted Jo, with a grateful kiss.
"But I lost her when I was a little older than you are, and for years had to struggle on alone, for I was too proud to confess my weakness to anyone else.
I had a hard time, Jo, and shed a good many bitter tears over my failures, for in spite of my efforts I never seemed to get on.
Then your father came, and I was so happy that I found it easy to be good.
But by-and-by, when I had four little daughters round me and we were poor, then the old trouble began again, for I am not patient by nature, and it tried me very much to see my children wanting anything."
"Poor Mother!
What helped you then?"
"Your father, Jo.
He never loses patience, never doubts or complains, but always hopes, and works and waits so cheerfully that one is ashamed to do otherwise before him.
He helped and comforted me, and showed me that I must try to practice all the virtues I would have my little girls possess, for I was their example.
It was easier to try for your sakes than for my own.
A startled or surprised look from one of you when I spoke sharply rebuked me more than any words could have done, and the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy."

"But we must play fair," said the man.
"It wouldn't be fair for you to have all the fun."
"No more it would.
Well, I'll answer a fewly, dwarf; not many I won't, 'cause when you're little you don't have to know things first; only you have to find out about them."
"Snow-white, why did you run away from home?"
"Last night I told you that, dwarf.
I made a song, too.
I'll sing it for you."
She sat up, folded her hands, shut her eyes tight, and sang at the top of her voice:
    "And I comed away,     And I runned away,     And I said I thought I did not     Want to stay;     And they tore their hair,     And they made despair.
And I said I thought perhaps     I did not care."
"Do you like that song?"
she said, opening her eyes wide at the man.

(Opening their eyes and running toward Hänsel and Gretel.)
We thank you, we thank you both!
Gretel.
Oh, I am so glad!
The Children.
The spell is broken and we are free.
The witch can do us no more harm.
Come, let us shout for glee!
Hänsel.
Come, children all, and form a ring,    Join hands together, while we sing.
Gretel.
Oh, Hänsel dear, I wish father and mother were here!

But if there happen to be an unduly slender, clumsy, or timorous wight in the ship, that wight is certain to be made a ship-keeper.
It was so in the Pequod with the little negro Pippin by nick-name, Pip by abbreviation.
Poor Pip!
ye have heard of him before; ye must remember his tambourine on that dramatic midnight, so gloomy-jolly.
In outer aspect, Pip and Dough-Boy made a match, like a black pony and a white one, of equal developments, though of dissimilar colour, driven in one eccentric span.
But while hapless Dough-Boy was by nature dull and torpid in his intellects, Pip, though over tender-hearted, was at bottom very bright, with that pleasant, genial, jolly brightness peculiar to his tribe; a tribe, which ever enjoy all holidays and festivities with finer, freer relish than any other race.
For blacks, the year’s calendar should show naught but three hundred and sixty-five Fourth of Julys and New Year’s Days.
Nor smile so, while I write that this little black was brilliant, for even blackness has its brilliancy; behold yon lustrous ebony, panelled in king’s cabinets.
But Pip loved life, and all life’s peaceable securities; so that the panic-striking business in which he had somehow unaccountably become entrapped, had most sadly blurred his brightness; though, as ere long will be seen, what was thus temporarily subdued in him, in the end was destined to be luridly illumined by strange wild fires, that fictitiously showed him off to ten times the natural lustre with which in his native Tolland County in Connecticut, he had once enlivened many a fiddler’s frolic on the green; and at melodious even-tide, with his gay ha-ha!
had turned the round horizon into one star-belled tambourine.
So, though in the clear air of day, suspended against a blue-veined neck, the pure-watered diamond drop will healthful glow; yet, when the cunning jeweller would show you the diamond in its most impressive lustre, he lays it against a gloomy ground, and then lights it up, not by the sun, but by some unnatural gases.
Then come out those fiery effulgences, infernally superb; then the evil-blazing diamond, once the divinest symbol of the crystal skies, looks like some crown-jewel stolen from the King of Hell.

“You are so queer,” he said, frankly puzzled, “and Tiger Lily is just the same.
There is something she wants to be to me, but she says it is not my mother.”
“No, indeed, it is not,” Wendy replied with frightful emphasis.
Now we know why she was prejudiced against the redskins.
“Then what is it?”
“It isn't for a lady to tell.”
“Oh, very well,” Peter said, a little nettled.
“Perhaps Tinker Bell will tell me.”
“Oh yes, Tinker Bell will tell you,” Wendy retorted scornfully.
“She is an abandoned little creature.”
Here Tink, who was in her bedroom, eavesdropping, squeaked out something impudent.
“She says she glories in being abandoned,” Peter interpreted.
He had a sudden idea.
“Perhaps Tink wants to be my mother?”
“You silly ass!” cried Tinker Bell in a passion.
She had said it so often that Wendy needed no translation.
“I almost agree with her,” Wendy snapped.
Fancy Wendy snapping!

Yes, she could, and did; and in an instant the active dwarf was beside her, and had her up on the branch beside him.
From there it was easy to ascend, branch by branch, till they reached the black hole.
The child caught her breath a moment as the man swung her in; then her laughter broke and bubbled up so loud and clear that the birds rose in a cloud from the murmuring depths of the tree, and then sank down again with chirp and twitter and gurgle of welcome, as if recognising one of their own kind.
PHILLIPS; AND A STORY.
"Well, Mr. Ellery, here I am!"
The dwarf had come down from the tree, leaving the child asleep in the tree-hollow, with Cousin Goldfinch to keep watch over her; now he was sitting in the root-seat of the yellow birch, looking up at a man who stood before him.
"Yes," said the dwarf; "here you are.
Anything new?
It isn't a month since you came."
The man said it was more than a month.
"I've brought the papers," he said.
"There are deeds to sign, and a lot of things to look over.

Mama says HE was in love with your sister too.
I assure you it was a great compliment if he was, for he hardly ever falls in love with any body."
"Is Mr. Willoughby much known in your part of Somersetshire?"
said Elinor.
"Oh!
yes, extremely well; that is, I do not believe many people are acquainted with him, because Combe Magna is so far off; but they all think him extremely agreeable I assure you.
Nobody is more liked than Mr. Willoughby wherever he goes, and so you may tell your sister.
She is a monstrous lucky girl to get him, upon my honour; not but that he is much more lucky in getting her, because she is so very handsome and agreeable, that nothing can be good enough for her.
However, I don't think her hardly at all handsomer than you, I assure you; for I think you both excessively pretty, and so does Mr. Palmer too I am sure, though we could not get him to own it last night."
Mrs. Palmer's information respecting Willoughby was not very material; but any testimony in his favour, however small, was pleasing to her.
"I am so glad we are got acquainted at last," continued Charlotte.
"And now I hope we shall always be great friends.

"Why, that traveling-cloak is the one thing in the world which nobody can steal.
It is of no use to anybody except the owner.
Open your eyes, and see what you can see."
His dear old godmother, he thought, and turned eagerly round.
But no; he only beheld, lying in a corner of the room, his precious traveling-cloak.
Prince Dolor darted towards it, tumbling several times on the way.
Snatching it to his breast, he hugged and kissed it.
Then he began unrolling it, wondering each minute what would happen.
CHAPTER V.
No doubt you think Prince Dolor was unhappy.
If you had seen him as he sat patiently untying his wonderful cloak, which was done up in a very tight parcel, using his deft little hands, and knitting his brows with determination, while his eyes glistened with pleasure, you might have changed your opinion.
When Prince Dolor had carefully untied all the knots, the cloak began to undo itself.
Slowly unfolding, it laid itself down on the carpet, as flat as if it had been ironed; the split joined with a little sharp crick-crack, and the rim turned up all round till it was breast-high; for the meantime the cloak had grown and grown, and become quite large enough for one person to sit in it, as comfortable as if in a boat.

Then, upon assuring the Ass that he would not be injured, the Fox led him to a deep pit and arranged that he should fall into it.
The Lion, seeing that the Ass was secured, immediately clutched the Fox, and attacked the Ass at his leisure.
The Tortoise and the Eagle 
A TORTOISE, lazily basking in the sun, complained to the sea-birds of her hard fate, that no one would teach her to fly.
An Eagle, hovering near, heard her lamentation and demanded what reward she would give him if he would take her aloft and float her in the air.
“I will give you,”
 she said, “all the riches of the Red Sea.” “I will teach you to fly then,” said the Eagle; and taking her up in his talons he carried her almost to the clouds suddenly he let her go, and she fell on a lofty mountain, dashing her shell to pieces.
The Tortoise exclaimed in the moment of death: “I have deserved my present fate; for what had I to do with wings and clouds, who can with difficulty move about on the earth?”
If men had all they wished, they would be often ruined.
The Flies and the Honey-Pot 
A NUMBER of Flies were attracted to a jar of honey which had been overturned in a housekeeper’s room, and placing their feet in it, ate greedily.
Their feet, however, became so smeared with the honey that they could not use their wings, nor release themselves, and were suffocated.
Just as they were expiring, they exclaimed, “O foolish creatures that we are, for the sake of a little pleasure we have destroyed ourselves.”
Pleasure bought with pains, hurts.
The Man and the Lion 
A MAN and a Lion traveled together through the forest.
They soon began to boast of their respective superiority to each other in strength and prowess.
As they were disputing, they passed a statue carved in stone, which represented “a Lion strangled by a Man.” The traveler pointed to it and said: “See there!

was my grandmother's rejoinder; and loud over the sound of pounding and chopping in the kitchen could be heard the voice of her quotations: "If there be among you a poor man in any of the gates of the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee, thou shalt not harden thy heart, nor shut thy hand, from thy poor brother.
Thou shalt surely give him; and thy heart shall not be grieved when thou givest to him, because that for this thing the Lord thy God shall bless thee in all thy works; for the poor shall never cease from out of the land."
These words seemed to resound like a sort of heraldic proclamation to call around us all that softly shiftless class, who, for some reason or other, are never to be found with anything in hand at the moment that it is wanted.
"There, to be sure," said Aunt Lois, one day when our preparations were in full blast; "there comes Sam Lawson down the hill, limpsy as ever; now he'll have his doleful story to tell, and mother'll give him one of the turkeys."
And so, of course, it fell out.
Sam came in with his usual air of plaintive assurance, and seated himself a contemplative spectator in the chimney corner, regardless of the looks and signs of unwelcome on the part of Aunt Lois.
"Lordy massy, how prosperous everything does seem here!"
he said in musing tones, over his inevitable mug of cider; "so different from what 'tis t' our house.
There's Hepsey, she's all in a stew, an' I've just been an' got her thirty-seven cents' wuth o' nutmegs, yet she says she's sure she don't see how she's to keep Thanksgiving, an' she's down on me about it, just as ef 'twas my fault.
Yeh see, last winter our old gobbler got froze.
You know, Mis' Badger, that 'ere cold night we hed last winter.
Wal, I was off with Jake Marshall that night; ye see, Jake, he had to take old General Dearborn's corpse into Boston, to the family vault, and Jake, he kind o' hated to go alone; 'twas a drefful cold time, and he ses to me, 'Sam, you jes' go 'long with me'; so I was sort o' sorry for him, and I kind o' thought I'd go 'long.

“Is he alone?” the latter whispered.
“Alone!
God help him, who should be with him!” said the other, in the same low voice.
“Is he always alone, then?”
“Yes.”
“Of his own desire?”
“Of his own necessity.
As he was, when I first saw him after they found me and demanded to know if I would take him, and, at my peril be discreet as he was then, so he is now.”
“He is greatly changed?”
“Changed!”
The keeper of the wine-shop stopped to strike the wall with his hand, and mutter a tremendous curse.
No direct answer could have been half so forcible.
Mr. Lorry's spirits grew heavier and heavier, as he and his two companions ascended higher and higher.
Such a staircase, with its accessories, in the older and more crowded parts of Paris, would be bad enough now; but, at that time, it was vile indeed to unaccustomed and unhardened senses.
Every little habitation within the great foul nest of one high building that is to say, the room or rooms within every door that opened on the general staircase left its own heap of refuse on its own landing, besides flinging other refuse from its own windows.
The uncontrollable and hopeless mass of decomposition so engendered, would have polluted the air, even if poverty and deprivation had not loaded it with their intangible impurities; the two bad sources combined made it almost insupportable.
Through such an atmosphere, by a steep dark shaft of dirt and poison, the way lay.
Yielding to his own disturbance of mind, and to his young companion's agitation, which became greater every instant, Mr.
Jarvis Lorry twice stopped to rest.

They were now come to a very wild and desert place, overgrown with shaggy bushes, and so silent and solitary that nobody seemed ever to have dwelt or journeyed there.
All was waste and desolate, in the gray twilight, which grew every moment more obscure.
Perseus looked about him, rather disconsolately, and asked Quicksilver whether they had a great deal farther to go.
"Hist!
hist!"
whispered his companion.
"Make no noise!
This is just the time and place to meet the Three Gray Women.
Be careful that they do not see you before you see them; for, though they have but a single eye among the three, it is as sharp-sighted as half a dozen common eyes."
"But what must I do," asked Perseus, "when we meet them?"
Quicksilver explained to Perseus how the Three Gray Women managed with their one eye.
They were in the habit, it seems, of changing it from one to another, as if it had been a pair of spectacles, or which would have suited them better a quizzing-glass.

With two bounds he sprang out, ran to his neighbours, and begged them imploringly to lend him assistance against an unknown and dangerous beast, or else the whole town might be in danger if it were to break loose out of the barn, where it was shut up.
A great noise and clamour arose in all the streets, the townsmen came armed with spears, hay-forks, scythes, and axes, as if they were going out against an enemy; finally, the senators appeared with the burgomaster at their head.
When they had drawn up in the market-place, they marched to the barn, and surrounded it on all sides.
Thereupon one of the most courageous of them stepped forth and entered with his spear lowered, but came running out immediately afterwards with a shriek and as pale as death, and could not utter a single word.
Yet two others ventured in, but they fared no better.
At last one stepped forth; a great strong man who was famous for his warlike deeds, and said, “You will not drive away the monster by merely looking at him; we must be in earnest here, but I see that you have all tuned into women, and not one of you dares to encounter the animal.” He ordered them to give him some armour, had a sword and spear brought, and armed himself.
All praised his courage, though many feared for his life.
The two barn-doors were opened, and they saw the owl, which in the meantime had perched herself on the middle of a great cross-beam.
He had a ladder brought, and when he raised it, and made ready to climb up, they all cried out to him that he was to bear himself bravely, and commended him to St. George, who slew the dragon.
When he had just got to the top, and the owl perceived that he had designs on her, and was also bewildered by the crowd and the shouting, and knew not how to escape, she rolled her eyes, ruffled her feathers, flapped her wings, snapped her beak, and cried, “Tuwhit, tuwhoo,” in a harsh voice.
“Strike home!
strike home!” screamed the crowd outside to the valiant hero.

So good-bye to thee—and wrong not Captain Ahab, because he happens to have a wicked name.
Besides, my boy, he has a wife—not three voyages wedded—a sweet, resigned girl.
Think of that; by that sweet girl that old man has a child: hold ye then there can be any utter, hopeless harm in Ahab?
No, no, my lad; stricken, blasted, if he be, Ahab has his humanities!”
As I walked away, I was full of thoughtfulness; what had been incidentally revealed to me of Captain Ahab, filled me with a certain wild vagueness of painfulness concerning him.
And somehow, at the time, I felt a sympathy and a sorrow for him, but for I don’t know what, unless it was the cruel loss of his leg.
And yet I also felt a strange awe of him; but that sort of awe, which I cannot at all describe, was not exactly awe; I do not know what it was.
But I felt it; and it did not disincline me towards him; though I felt impatience at what seemed like mystery in him, so imperfectly as he was known to me then.
However, my thoughts were at length carried in other directions, so that for the present dark Ahab slipped my mind.
CHAPTER 17.
The Ramadan.
As Queequeg’s Ramadan, or Fasting and Humiliation, was to continue all day, I did not choose to disturb him till towards night-fall; for I cherish the greatest respect towards everybody’s religious obligations, never mind how comical, and could not find it in my heart to undervalue even a congregation of ants worshipping a toad-stool; or those other creatures in certain parts of our earth, who with a degree of footmanism quite unprecedented in other planets, bow down before the torso of a deceased landed proprietor merely on account of the inordinate possessions yet owned and rented in his name.
I say, we good Presbyterian Christians should be charitable in these things, and not fancy ourselves so vastly superior to other mortals, pagans and what not, because of their half-crazy conceits on these subjects.

“What do you want?” asked the Marionette.
“I want to give you a few words of good advice.
Return home and give the four gold pieces you have left to your poor old father who is weeping because he has not seen you for many a day.”
“Tomorrow my father will be a rich man, for these four gold pieces will become two thousand.”
“Don’t listen to those who promise you wealth overnight, my boy.
As a rule they are either fools or swindlers!
Listen to me and go home.”
“But I want to go on!”
“The hour is late!”
“I want to go on.”
“The night is very dark.”
“I want to go on.”
“The road is dangerous.”
“I want to go on.”
“Remember that boys who insist on having their own way, sooner or later come to grief.”
“The same nonsense.
Good-by, Cricket.”
“Good night, Pinocchio, and may Heaven preserve you from the Assassins.”
There was silence for a minute and the light of the Talking Cricket disappeared suddenly, just as if someone had snuffed it out.
Once again the road was plunged in darkness.
CHAPTER 14 
Pinocchio, not having listened to the good advice of the Talking Cricket, falls into the hands of the Assassins.
“Dear, oh, dear!
When I come to think of it,” said the Marionette to himself, as he once more set out on his journey, “we boys are really very unlucky.
Everybody scolds us, everybody gives us advice, everybody warns us.
If we were to allow it, everyone would try to be father and mother to us; everyone, even the Talking Cricket.

The cow soon observed Tom's oak-leaf hat, and liking the appearance of it, took poor Tom and the thistle at one mouthful.
While the cow was chewing the thistle Tom was afraid of her great teeth, which threatened to crush him in pieces, and he roared out as loud as he could: “Mother, mother!”
“Where are you, Tommy, my dear Tommy?” said his mother.
“Here, mother,” replied he, “in the red cow's mouth.”
His mother began to cry and wring her hands; but the cow, surprised at the odd noise in her throat, opened her mouth and let Tom drop out.
Fortunately his mother caught him in her apron as he was falling to the ground, or he would have been dreadfully hurt.
She then put Tom in her bosom and ran home with him.
Tom's father made him a whip of a barley straw to drive the cattle with, and having one day gone into the fields, he slipped a foot and rolled into the furrow.
A raven, which was flying over, picked him up, and flew with him over the sea, and there dropped him.
A large fish swallowed Tom the moment he fell into the sea, which was soon after caught, and bought for the table of King Arthur.
When they opened the fish in order to cook it, every one was astonished at finding such a little boy, and Tom was quite delighted at being free again.
They carried him to the king, who made Tom his dwarf, and he soon grew a great favourite at court; for by his tricks and gambols he not only amused the king and queen, but also all the Knights of the Round Table.
It is said that when the king rode out on horseback, he often took Tom along with him, and if a shower came on, he used to creep into his majesty's waistcoat-pocket, where he slept till the rain was over.
King Arthur one day asked Tom about his parents, wishing to know if they were as small as he was, and whether they were well off.

I shall pour my medicine into Nana's bowl, and she will drink it, thinking it is milk!”
It was the colour of milk; but the children did not have their father's sense of humour, and they looked at him reproachfully as he poured the medicine into Nana's bowl.
“What fun!” he said doubtfully, and they did not dare expose him when Mrs.
Darling and Nana returned.
“Nana, good dog,” he said, patting her, “I have put a little milk into your bowl, Nana.”
Nana wagged her tail, ran to the medicine, and began lapping it.
Then she gave Mr.
Darling such a look, not an angry look: she showed him the great red tear that makes us so sorry for noble dogs, and crept into her kennel.
Mr.
Darling was frightfully ashamed of himself, but he would not give in.
In a horrid silence Mrs.
Darling smelt the bowl.
“O George,” she said, “it's your medicine!”
“It was only a joke,” he roared, while she comforted her boys, and Wendy hugged Nana.
“Much good,” he said bitterly, “my wearing myself to the bone trying to be funny in this house.”
And still Wendy hugged Nana.

humbug!” at the top of their voices.
They were extremely practical, and whenever they objected to anything they called it humbug.
Then the moon rose like a wonderful silver shield; and the stars began to shine, and a sound of music came from the palace.
The Prince and Princess were leading the dance.
They danced so beautifully that the tall white lilies peeped in at the window and watched them, and the great red poppies nodded their heads and beat time.
Then ten o’clock struck, and then eleven, and then twelve, and at the last stroke of midnight every one came out on the terrace, and the King sent for the Royal Pyrotechnist.
“Let the fireworks begin,” said the King; and the Royal Pyrotechnist made a low bow, and marched down to the end of the garden.
He had six attendants with him, each of whom carried a lighted torch at the end of a long pole.
It was certainly a magnificent display.
Whizz!
Whizz!
went the Catherine Wheel, as she spun round and round.

Prescriptions poured in from all quarters, and as usual, were all declined.
Though heavy and feverish, with a pain in her limbs, and a cough, and a sore throat, a good night's rest was to cure her entirely; and it was with difficulty that Elinor prevailed on her, when she went to bed, to try one or two of the simplest of the remedies.
CHAPTER 43 
Marianne got up the next morning at her usual time; to every inquiry replied that she was better, and tried to prove herself so, by engaging in her accustomary employments.
But a day spent in sitting shivering over the fire with a book in her hand, which she was unable to read, or in lying, weary and languid, on a sofa, did not speak much in favour of her amendment; and when, at last, she went early to bed, more and more indisposed, Colonel Brandon was only astonished at her sister's composure, who, though attending and nursing her the whole day, against Marianne's inclination, and forcing proper medicines on her at night, trusted, like Marianne, to the certainty and efficacy of sleep, and felt no real alarm.
A very restless and feverish night, however, disappointed the expectation of both; and when Marianne, after persisting in rising, confessed herself unable to sit up, and returned voluntarily to her bed, Elinor was very ready to adopt Mrs. Jennings's advice, of sending for the Palmers' apothecary.
He came, examined his patient, and though encouraging Miss Dashwood to expect that a very few days would restore her sister to health, yet, by pronouncing her disorder to have a putrid tendency, and allowing the word "infection" to pass his lips, gave instant alarm to Mrs. Palmer, on her baby's account.
Mrs. Jennings, who had been inclined from the first to think Marianne's complaint more serious than Elinor, now looked very grave on Mr. Harris's report, and confirming Charlotte's fears and caution, urged the necessity of her immediate removal with her infant; and Mr. Palmer, though treating their apprehensions as idle, found the anxiety and importunity of his wife too great to be withstood.
Her departure, therefore, was fixed on; and within an hour after Mr. Harris's arrival, she set off, with her little boy and his nurse, for the house of a near relation of Mr. Palmer's, who lived a few miles on the other side of Bath; whither her husband promised, at her earnest entreaty, to join her in a day or two; and whither she was almost equally urgent with her mother to accompany her.
Mrs. Jennings, however, with a kindness of heart which made Elinor really love her, declared her resolution of not stirring from Cleveland as long as Marianne remained ill, and of endeavouring, by her own attentive care, to supply to her the place of the mother she had taken her from; and Elinor found her on every occasion a most willing and active helpmate, desirous to share in all her fatigues, and often by her better experience in nursing, of material use.
Poor Marianne, languid and low from the nature of her malady, and feeling herself universally ill, could no longer hope that tomorrow would find her recovered; and the idea of what tomorrow would have produced, but for this unlucky illness, made every ailment severe; for on that day they were to have begun their journey home; and, attended the whole way by a servant of Mrs. Jennings, were to have taken their mother by surprise on the following forenoon.
The little she said was all in lamentation of this inevitable delay; though Elinor tried to raise her spirits, and make her believe, as she THEN really believed herself, that it would be a very short one.
The next day produced little or no alteration in the state of the patient; she certainly was not better, and, except that there was no amendment, did not appear worse.

It is not Willoughby.
The person is not tall enough for him, and has not his air."
"He has, he has," cried Marianne, "I am sure he has.
His air, his coat, his horse.
I knew how soon he would come."
She walked eagerly on as she spoke; and Elinor, to screen Marianne from particularity, as she felt almost certain of its not being Willoughby, quickened her pace and kept up with her.
They were soon within thirty yards of the gentleman.
Marianne looked again; her heart sunk within her; and abruptly turning round, she was hurrying back, when the voices of both her sisters were raised to detain her; a third, almost as well known as Willoughby's, joined them in begging her to stop, and she turned round with surprise to see and welcome Edward Ferrars.
He was the only person in the world who could at that moment be forgiven for not being Willoughby; the only one who could have gained a smile from her; but she dispersed her tears to smile on HIM, and in her sister's happiness forgot for a time her own disappointment.
He dismounted, and giving his horse to his servant, walked back with them to Barton, whither he was purposely coming to visit them.
He was welcomed by them all with great cordiality, but especially by Marianne, who showed more warmth of regard in her reception of him than even Elinor herself.
To Marianne, indeed, the meeting between Edward and her sister was but a continuation of that unaccountable coldness which she had often observed at Norland in their mutual behaviour.

He then entered the house and went straight to where the Princess was sitting with her attendant maidens.
Never had he seen any one so wonderfully beautiful, and he could not but look at her, for she was more lovely than any human being as she shone in her own soft radiance.
When Princess Moonlight became aware that a stranger was looking at her she tried to escape from the room, but the Emperor caught her and begged her to listen to what he had to say.
Her only answer was to hide her face in her sleeves.
The Emperor fell deeply in love with her, and begged her to come to the Court, where he would give her a position of honor and everything she could wish for.
He was about to send for one of the Imperial palanquins to take her back with him at once, saying that her grace and beauty should adorn a Court, and not be hidden in a bamboo-cutter's cottage.
But the Princess stopped him.
She said that if she were forced to go to the Palace she would turn at once into a shadow, and even as she spoke she began to lose her form.
Her figure faded from his sight while he looked.
The Emperor then promised to leave her free if only she would resume her former shape, which she did.
It was now time for him to return, for his retinue would be wondering what had happened to their Royal master when they missed him for so long.
So he bade her good-by, and left the house with a sad heart.

"But may I inquire how you intend to support the establishment?
If all the pupils are little ragamuffins, I'm afraid your crop won't be profitable in a worldly sense, Mrs.
Bhaer."
"Now don't be a wet-blanket, Teddy.
Of course I shall have rich pupils, also perhaps begin with such altogether.
Then, when I've got a start, I can take in a ragamuffin or two, just for a relish.
Rich people's children often need care and comfort, as well as poor.
I've seen unfortunate little creatures left to servants, or backward ones pushed forward, when it's real cruelty.
Some are naughty through mismanagment or neglect, and some lose their mothers.
Besides, the best have to get through the hobbledehoy age, and that's the very time they need most patience and kindness.
People laugh at them, and hustle them about, try to keep them out of sight, and expect them to turn all at once from pretty children into fine young men.
They don't complain much plucky little souls but they feel it.

Oh, faith, you are gotten now into a tight place, where I will surely plague you for your threatening words; what do you think now of broiling me for your breakfast?
Will no other diet serve you but poor Jack?"
Then having tantalized the giant for a while, he gave him a most weighty knock with his pickaxe on the very crown of his head, and killed him on the spot.
Jack then filled up the pit with earth, and went to search the cave, which he found contained much treasure.
When the magistrates heard of this they made a declaration he should henceforth be termed:
  JACK THE GIANT-KILLER 
and presented him with a sword and a belt, on which were written these words embroidered in letters of gold:
  "Here's the right valiant Cornish man.
Who slew the giant Cormoran."
The news of Jack's victory soon spread over all the West of England, so that another giant, named Blunderbore, hearing of it, vowed to be revenged on Jack, if ever he should light on him.
This giant was the lord of an enchanted castle situated in the midst of a lonesome wood.
Now Jack, about four months afterwards, walking near this wood in his journey to Wales, being weary, seated himself near a pleasant fountain and fell fast asleep.
While he was sleeping, the giant, coming there for water, discovered him, and knew him to be the far-famed Jack the Giant-killer by the lines written on the belt.
Without ado, he took Jack on his shoulders and carried him towards his castle.
Now, as they passed through a thicket, the rustling of the boughs awakened Jack, who was strangely surprised to find himself in the clutches of the giant.

Before Mr. Tutt could answer, Mr. Van Kamp hurried in at the door.
"Wait a moment!"
he cried.
"I want to bid on that!"
"This here jug hain't fer sale at no price," Uncle Billy emphatically announced, nipping all negotiations right in the bud.
"It's too pesky hard to sneak this here licker in past Marge't, but I reckon it's my treat, gents.
Ye kin have all ye want."
One minute later Mr. Van Kamp and Mr. Ellsworth were seated, one on a sawbuck and the other on a nail-keg, comfortably eyeing each other across the work bench, and each was holding up a tumbler one-third filled with the golden yellow liquid.
"Your health, sir," courteously proposed Mr. Ellsworth.
"And to you, sir," gravely replied Mr. Van Kamp.
XI 
Ralph and Evelyn happened to meet at the pump, quite accidentally, after the former had made half a dozen five-minute-apart trips for a drink.
It was Miss Van Kamp, this time, who had been studying on the mutual acquaintance problem.

Before another gate could be reached the mob, streaming from the Buytenhof, had overtaken the carriage, and the De Witts were at its mercy.
The two men, whose lives had been spent in the welfare of their country, were massacred with unspeakable savagery, and their bodies, stripped, and hacked almost beyond recognition, were then strung up on a hastily erected gibbet in the market-place.
When the worst had been done, the young man, who had secretly watched the proceedings from the window of a neighbouring house, returned the key to the gatekeeper.
Then the prince mounted a horse which an equerry held in waiting for him, and galloped off to camp to await the message of the States.
He galloped proudly, for the burghers of The Hague had made of the corpses of the De Witts a stepping stone to power for William of Orange.
II.
Betrayed for his Bulbs 
Doctor Cornelius van Baerle, the godson of Cornelius de Witt, was in his twenty-eighth year, an orphan, but nevertheless, a really happy man.
His father had amassed a fortune of 400,000 guilders in trade with the Indies, and an estate brought him in 10,000 guilders a year.
He was blessed with the love of a peaceful life with good nerves, ample wealth, and a philosophic mind.
Left alone in the big house at Dordrecht, he steadily resisted all temptations to public life.
He took up the study of botany, and then, not knowing what to do with his time and money, decided to go in for one of the most extravagant hobbies of the time the cultivation of his favourite flower, the tulip.
The fame of Mynheer van Baerle's tulips soon spread in the district, and while Cornelius de Witt had roused deadly hatred by sowing the seeds of political passion, Van Baerle with his tulips won general goodwill.

It was not a long affair.
The rules and conditions governing the encounter offended the delicate sensibilities of the gang.
Like artists who feel themselves trammeled by distasteful conventions, they were damped and could not do themselves justice.
Their forte was long-range fighting with pistols.
With that they felt en rapport.
But this vulgar brawling in the darkness with muscular opponents who hit hard and often with the clenched fist was distasteful to them.
They could not develop any enthusiasm for it.
They carried pistols, but it was too dark and the combatants were too entangled to allow them to use these.
There was but one thing to be done.
Reluctant as they might be to abandon their fallen leader, it must be done.
Already they were suffering grievously from John, the black-jack, and the lightning blows of the Kid.
For a moment they hung, wavering, then stampeded in half-a-dozen different directions, melting into the night whence they had come.

I am dying that the secret may be preserved."
M. de la Mole, after enduring excruciating tortures at the hand of Catherine, without making any admissions, died on the scaffold.
IV "The Bourbon Shall Not Reign!"
Before he died Charles showed Catherine the poisoned book, which he had kept under lock and key.
"And now burn it, madame.
I read this book too much, so fond was I of the chase.
And the world must not know the weaknesses of kings.
When it is burnt, please summon my brother Henry.
I wish to speak to him about the regency."
Catherine brought Henry of Navarre to the king, and warned him that if he accepted the regency he was a dead man.
Charles, however, though on his death-bed, declared Henry should be regent.
"Madame," he said, addressing his mother, "if I had a son he would be king, and you would be regent.

The Rat left the house, and carefully examined the muddy surface of the ground outside, hoping to find the Mole’s tracks.
There they were, sure enough.
The goloshes were new, just bought for the winter, and the pimples on their soles were fresh and sharp.
He could see the imprints of them in the mud, running along straight and purposeful, leading direct to the Wild Wood.
The Rat looked very grave, and stood in deep thought for a minute or two.
Then he re-entered the house, strapped a belt round his waist, shoved a brace of pistols into it, took up a stout cudgel that stood in a corner of the hall, and set off for the Wild Wood at a smart pace.
It was already getting towards dusk when he reached the first fringe of trees and plunged without hesitation into the wood, looking anxiously on either side for any sign of his friend.
Here and there wicked little faces popped out of holes, but vanished immediately at sight of the valorous animal, his pistols, and the great ugly cudgel in his grasp; and the whistling and pattering, which he had heard quite plainly on his first entry, died away and ceased, and all was very still.
He made his way manfully through the length of the wood, to its furthest edge; then, forsaking all paths, he set himself to traverse it, laboriously working over the whole ground, and all the time calling out cheerfully, ‘Moly, Moly, Moly!
Where are you?
It’s me it’s old Rat!’
He had patiently hunted through the wood for an hour or more, when at last to his joy he heard a little answering cry.
Guiding himself by the sound, he made his way through the gathering darkness to the foot of an old beech tree, with a hole in it, and from out of the hole came a feeble voice, saying ‘Ratty!

I never saw her more.
“As she had mentioned her husband's name in the faith that I knew it, I added no mention of it to my letter.
I sealed my letter, and, not trusting it out of my own hands, delivered it myself that day.
“That night, the last night of the year, towards nine o'clock, a man in a black dress rang at my gate, demanded to see me, and softly followed my servant, Ernest Defarge, a youth, up-stairs.
When my servant came into the room where I sat with my wife O my wife, beloved of my heart!
My fair young English wife!
we saw the man, who was supposed to be at the gate, standing silent behind him.
“An urgent case in the Rue St. Honore, he said.
It would not detain me, he had a coach in waiting.
“It brought me here, it brought me to my grave.
When I was clear of the house, a black muffler was drawn tightly over my mouth from behind, and my arms were pinioned.
The two brothers crossed the road from a dark corner, and identified me with a single gesture.

Little One-Eye, wake up!
It is time to go home.
Little One-Eye.
Did I go to sleep?
Little Two-Eyes.
Indeed, you did, and now we must hurry home.
Come, little goat!
SCENE V. At Home 
Mother.
Well, little One-Eye, tell us what you have seen.
Why doesn't little Two-Eyes eat the food we have for her?
Little One-Eye.
I don't know, mother.

Jefferson had a vocabulary next to Noah Webster, with all the dramatic power of Dan.
He composed the piece one evening after his other work.
We give a facsimile of the opening lines.
Philadelphia was a scene of great excitement.
The streets were thronged, and people sat down on the nice clean door-steps with perfect recklessness, although the steps had just been cleaned with ammonia and wiped off with a chamois-skin.
It was a day long to be remembered, and one that made George III.
wish that he had reconsidered his birth.
In the steeple of the old State-House was a bell which had fortunately upon it the line "Proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof."
It was rung by the old man in charge, though he had lacked faith up to that moment in Congress.
He believed that Congress would not pass the resolution and adopt the Declaration till after election.
Thus was the era of good feeling inaugurated both North and South.
There was no North then, no South, no East, no West; just one common country, with Washington acting as father of same.

The whale has no famous author, and whaling no famous chronicler, you will say.
The whale no famous author, and whaling no famous chronicler?
Who wrote the first account of our Leviathan?
Who but mighty Job!
And who composed the first narrative of a whaling-voyage?
Who, but no less a prince than Alfred the Great, who, with his own royal pen, took down the words from Other, the Norwegian whale-hunter of those times!
And who pronounced our glowing eulogy in Parliament?
Who, but Edmund Burke!
True enough, but then whalemen themselves are poor devils; they have no good blood in their veins.
No good blood in their veins?
They have something better than royal blood there.
The grandmother of Benjamin Franklin was Mary Morrel; afterwards, by marriage, Mary Folger, one of the old settlers of Nantucket, and the ancestress to a long line of Folgers and harpooneers—all kith and kin to noble Benjamin—this day darting the barbed iron from one side of the world to the other.

At one time she would come on board with a jar of pickles for the steward’s pantry; another time with a bunch of quills for the chief mate’s desk, where he kept his log; a third time with a roll of flannel for the small of some one’s rheumatic back.
Never did any woman better deserve her name, which was Charity—Aunt Charity, as everybody called her.
And like a sister of charity did this charitable Aunt Charity bustle about hither and thither, ready to turn her hand and heart to anything that promised to yield safety, comfort, and consolation to all on board a ship in which her beloved brother Bildad was concerned, and in which she herself owned a score or two of well-saved dollars.
But it was startling to see this excellent hearted Quakeress coming on board, as she did the last day, with a long oil-ladle in one hand, and a still longer whaling lance in the other.
Nor was Bildad himself nor Captain Peleg at all backward.
As for Bildad, he carried about with him a long list of the articles needed, and at every fresh arrival, down went his mark opposite that article upon the paper.
Every once in a while Peleg came hobbling out of his whalebone den, roaring at the men down the hatchways, roaring up to the riggers at the mast-head, and then concluded by roaring back into his wigwam.
During these days of preparation, Queequeg and I often visited the craft, and as often I asked about Captain Ahab, and how he was, and when he was going to come on board his ship.
To these questions they would answer, that he was getting better and better, and was expected aboard every day; meantime, the two captains, Peleg and Bildad, could attend to everything necessary to fit the vessel for the voyage.
If I had been downright honest with myself, I would have seen very plainly in my heart that I did but half fancy being committed this way to so long a voyage, without once laying my eyes on the man who was to be the absolute dictator of it, so soon as the ship sailed out upon the open sea.
But when a man suspects any wrong, it sometimes happens that if he be already involved in the matter, he insensibly strives to cover up his suspicions even from himself.
And much this way it was with me.

"You'll have to stretch your legs if you mean to keep up," said the West Wind.
So off he set over field and hedge, and hill and fell, and Halvor had hard work to keep up.
"Well," said the West Wind, "now I've no time to stay with you any longer, for I've got to go away yonder and tear down a strip of spruce wood first before I go to the bleaching-ground to dry the clothes; but if you go alongside the hill you'll come to a lot of lassies standing washing clothes, and then you've not far to go to Soria Moria Castle."
In a little while Halvor came upon the lassies who stood washing, and they asked if he had seen anything of the West Wind who was to come and dry the clothes for the wedding.
"Aye, aye, that I have," said Halvor, "he's only gone to tear down a strip of spruce wood.
It'll not be long before he's here," and then he asked them the way to Soria Moria Castle.
So they put him into the right way, and when he got to the Castle it was full of folk and horses; so full it made one giddy to look at them.
But Halvor was so ragged and torn from having followed the West Wind through bush and brier and bog, that he kept on one side, and wouldn't show himself till the last day when the bridal feast was to be.
So when all, as was then right and fitting, were to drink the bride and bridegroom's health and wish them luck, and when the cupbearer was to drink to them all again, both knights and squires, last of all he came in turn to Halvor.
He drank their health, but let the ring which the Princess had put upon his finger as he lay by the lake fall into the glass, and bade the cupbearer go and greet the bride and hand her the glass.
Then up rose the Princess from the board at once.
"Who is most worthy to have one of us," she said, "he that has set us free, or he that here sits by me as bridegroom?"

“She died a few months later, from a cold,” said the prince.
“Oh, not cold believe an old man not from a cold, but from grief for her prince.
Oh your mother, your mother!
heigh-ho!
Youth youth!
Your father and I old friends as we were nearly murdered each other for her sake.”
The prince began to be a little incredulous.
“I was passionately in love with her when she was engaged engaged to my friend.
The prince noticed the fact and was furious.
He came and woke me at seven o’clock one morning.
I rise and dress in amazement; silence on both sides.
I understand it all.
He takes a couple of pistols out of his pocket across a handkerchief without witnesses.

“No games to-morrow!
If I, as a honest tradesman, succeed in providing a jinte of meat or two, none of your not touching of it, and sticking to bread.
If I, as a honest tradesman, am able to provide a little beer, none of your declaring on water.
When you go to Rome, do as Rome does.
Rome will be a ugly customer to you, if you don't.
I'm your Rome, you know.”
Then he began grumbling again:
“With your flying into the face of your own wittles and drink!
I don't know how scarce you mayn't make the wittles and drink here, by your flopping tricks and your unfeeling conduct.
Look at your boy: he is your'n, ain't he?
He's as thin as a lath.
Do you call yourself a mother, and not know that a mother's first duty is to blow her boy out?”
This touched Young Jerry on a tender place; who adjured his mother to perform her first duty, and, whatever else she did or neglected, above all things to lay especial stress on the discharge of that maternal function so affectingly and delicately indicated by his other parent.
Thus the evening wore away with the Cruncher family, until Young Jerry was ordered to bed, and his mother, laid under similar injunctions, obeyed them.
Mr. Cruncher beguiled the earlier watches of the night with solitary pipes, and did not start upon his excursion until nearly one o'clock.

I'll fear no man in fight or freaks, Whilst Wales produces cheese and leeks.
[Enter TURKISH KNIGHT.]
TURKISH KNIGHT.
Here comes I, the Turkish Knight, Come from the Turkish land to fight.
I'll take St. David for my foe, And make him yield before I go; He brags to such a high degree, He thinks there was never a Knight but he.
So draw thy sword, St. David, thou man of courage bold, If thy Welsh blood is hot, soon will I fetch it cold.
ST. DAVID.
Where is the Turk that will before me stand?
I'll cut him down with my courageous hand.
TURKISH KNIGHT.
Draw out thy sword and slay, Pull out thy purse and pay, For satisfaction I will have, before I go away.
[They fight.

A burst of laughter, long, loud, and irrepressible, struck the whole courtroom, and before the Judge could lift his half-composed face and take his handkerchief from his mouth, a faint "Kerree" from some unrecognized obscurity of the courtroom was followed by a loud "Kerrow" from some opposite locality.
"The sheriff will clear the court," said the Judge, sternly; but alas, as the embarrassed and choking officials rushed hither and thither, a soft "Kerree" from the spectators at the window, outside the courthouse, was answered by a loud chorus of "Kerrows" from the opposite windows, filled with onlookers.
Again the laughter arose everywhere even the fair plaintiff herself sat convulsed behind her handkerchief.
The figure of Colonel Starbottle alone remained erect white and rigid.
And then the Judge, looking up, saw what no one else in the court had seen that the Colonel was sincere and in earnest; that what he had conceived to be the pleader's most perfect acting, and most elaborate irony, were the deep, serious, mirthless convictions of a man without the least sense of humor.
There was a touch of this respect in the Judge's voice as he said to him, gently, "You may proceed, Colonel Starbottle."
"I thank your Honor," said the Colonel, slowly, "for recognizing and doing all in your power to prevent an interruption that, during my thirty years' experience at the bar, I have never yet been subjected to without the privilege of holding the instigators thereof responsible personally responsible.
It is possibly my fault that I have failed, oratorically, to convey to the gentlemen of the jury the full force and significance of the defendant's signals.
I am aware that my voice is singularly deficient in producing either the dulcet tones of my fair client or the impassioned vehemence of the defendant's repose.
I will," continued the Colonel, with a fatigued but blind fatuity that ignored the hurriedly knit brows and warning eyes of the Judge, "try again.
The note uttered by my client"
(lowering his voice to the faintest of falsettos) "was 'Kerree'; the response was 'Kerrow'" and the Colonel's voice fairly shook the dome above him.
Another uproar of laughter followed this apparently audacious repetition, but was interrupted by an unlooked-for incident.

I love you very much, Parfen; and now I shall go away and never come back again.
Goodbye.”
The prince rose.
“Stay a little,” said Parfen, not leaving his chair and resting his head on his right hand.
“I haven’t seen you for a long time.”
The prince sat down again.
Both were silent for a few moments.
“When you are not with me I hate you, Lef Nicolaievitch.
I have loathed you every day of these three months since I last saw you.
By heaven I have!” said Rogojin.
“I could have poisoned you at any minute.
Now, you have been with me but a quarter of an hour, and all my malice seems to have melted away, and you are as dear to me as ever.
Stay here a little longer.”
“When I am with you you trust me; but as soon as my back is turned you suspect me,” said the prince, smiling, and trying to hide his emotion.
“I trust your voice, when I hear you speak.

"All expensive material, and made at a Parisian modiste's.
He spent money lavishly enough, that young man."
Miss Minchin felt offended.
This seemed to be a disparagement of her best patron and was a liberty.
Even solicitors had no right to take liberties.
"I beg your pardon, Mr. Barrow," she said stiffly.
"I do not understand."
"Birthday presents," said Mr. Barrow in the same critical manner, "to a child eleven years old!
Mad extravagance, I call it."
Miss Minchin drew herself up still more rigidly.
"Captain Crewe is a man of fortune," she said.
"The diamond mines alone "
Mr. Barrow wheeled round upon her.

Mr. Westley's desire from the first had been to eliminate as far as possible all memory of the late Prince.
He gave John his sister's name, Maude, and brought him up as an American, in total ignorance of his father's identity.
During all the years they had spent together, he had never mentioned the Prince's name.
He disliked John intensely.
He fed him, clothed him, sent him to college, and gave him a place in his office, but he never for a moment relaxed his bleakness of front toward him.
John was not unlike his father in appearance, though built on a larger scale, and, as time went on, little mannerisms, too, began to show themselves, that reminded Mr.
Westley of the dead man, and killed any beginnings of affection.
John, for his part, had the philosophy which goes with perfect health.
He fitted his uncle into the scheme of things, or, rather, set him outside them as an irreconcilable element, and went on his way enjoying life in his own good-humored fashion.
It was only lately, since he had joined the firm, that he had been conscious of any great strain.
College had given him a glimpse of a larger life, and the office cramped him.
He felt vaguely that there were bigger things in the world which he might be doing.
His best friends, of whom he now saw little, were all men of adventure and enterprise, who had tried their hand at many things; men like Jimmy Pitt, who had done nearly everything that could be done before coming into an unexpected half-million; men like Rupert Smith, who had been at Harvard with him and was now a reporter on the News; men like Baker, Faraday, Williams he could name half-a-dozen, all men who were doing something, who were out on the firing line.

see that white water!” And so shouting, he pulled his hat from his head, and stamped up and down on it; then picking it up, flirted it far off upon the sea; and finally fell to rearing and plunging in the boat’s stern like a crazed colt from the prairie.
“Look at that chap now,” philosophically drawled Stubb, who, with his unlighted short pipe, mechanically retained between his teeth, at a short distance, followed after—“He’s got fits, that Flask has.
Fits?
yes, give him fits—that’s the very word—pitch fits into ’em.
Merrily, merrily, hearts-alive.
Pudding for supper, you know;—merry’s the word.
Pull, babes—pull, sucklings—pull, all.
But what the devil are you hurrying about?
Softly, softly, and steadily, my men.
Only pull, and keep pulling; nothing more.
Crack all your backbones, and bite your knives in two—that’s all.
Take it easy—why don’t ye take it easy, I say, and burst all your livers and lungs!”
But what it was that inscrutable Ahab said to that tiger-yellow crew of his—these were words best omitted here; for you live under the blessed light of the evangelical land.

If we can't get ashore, all's up.”
“Only one of the gigs is being manned, sir,” I added; “the crew of the other most likely going round by shore to cut us off.”
“They'll have a hot run, sir,” returned the captain.
“Jack ashore, you know.
It's not them I mind; it's the round-shot.
Carpet bowls!
My lady's maid couldn't miss.
Tell us, squire, when you see the match, and we'll hold water.”
In the meanwhile we had been making headway at a good pace for a boat so overloaded, and we had shipped but little water in the process.
We were now close in; thirty or forty strokes and we should beach her, for the ebb had already disclosed a narrow belt of sand below the clustering trees.
The gig was no longer to be feared; the little point had already concealed it from our eyes.
The ebb-tide, which had so cruelly delayed us, was now making reparation and delaying our assailants.
The one source of danger was the gun.
“If I durst,” said the captain, “I'd stop and pick off another man.”
But it was plain that they meant nothing should delay their shot.
They had never so much as looked at their fallen comrade, though he was not dead, and I could see him trying to crawl away.

"Some one is dying," said little Gretchen.
Her grandma had been very good to the little girl.
But she was dead.
The grandma had said, "When a star falls some one is going to God."
The little girl lighted another match.
It made a big light.
Gretchen thought she saw her grandma.
She never looked so pretty before.
She looked so sweet and happy.
*       *
          take          goes 
"O grandma," said the little girl, "take me.
When the light goes out you will go away.
The stove and the turkey and the Christmas tree all went away."

And Death stretched out his long hand towards the fine little flower, but she held her hands fast around his, so tight, and yet afraid that she should touch one of the leaves.
Then Death blew on her hands, and she felt that it was colder than the cold wind, and her hands fell down powerless.
“Thou canst not do anything against me!” said Death.
“But OUR LORD can!” said she.
“I only do His bidding!” said Death.
“I am His gardener, I take all His flowers and trees, and plant them out in the great garden of Paradise, in the unknown land; but how they grow there, and how it is there I dare not tell thee.”
“Give me back my child!” said the mother, and she wept and prayed.
At once she seized hold of two beautiful flowers close by, with each hand, and cried out to Death, “I will tear all thy flowers off, for I am in despair.”
“Touch them not!” said Death.
“Thou say'st that thou art so unhappy, and now thou wilt make another mother equally unhappy.”
“Another mother!” said the poor woman, and directly let go her hold of both the flowers.
“There, thou hast thine eyes,” said Death; “I fished them up from the lake, they shone so bright; I knew not they were thine.
Take them again, they are now brighter than before; now look down into the deep well close by; I shall tell thee the names of the two flowers thou wouldst have torn up, and thou wilt see their whole future life their whole human existence: and see what thou wast about to disturb and destroy.”
And she looked down into the well; and it was a happiness to see how the one became a blessing to the world, to see how much happiness and joy were felt everywhere.
And she saw the other's life, and it was sorrow and distress, horror, and wretchedness.
“Both of them are God's will!” said Death.

You are but half restored to your mother.
Only six months with me, and six with that good-for-nothing King of Darkness!"
"Do not speak so harshly of poor King Pluto," said Prosperina, kissing her mother.
"He has some very good qualities; and I really think I can bear to spend six months in his palace, if he will only let me spend the other six with you.
He certainly did very wrong to carry me off; but then, as he says, it was but a dismal sort of life for him, to live in that great gloomy place, all alone; and it has made a wonderful change in his spirits to have a little girl to run up stairs and down.
There is some comfort in making him so happy; and so, upon the whole, dearest mother, let us be thankful that he is not to keep me the whole year round."
THE GOLDEN FLEECE.
When Jason, the son of the dethroned King of Iolchos, was a little boy, he was sent away from his parents, and placed under the queerest schoolmaster that ever you heard of.
This learned person was one of the people, or quadrupeds, called Centaurs.
He lived in a cavern, and had the body and legs of a white horse, with the head and shoulders of a man.
His name was Chiron; and, in spite of his odd appearance, he was a very excellent teacher, and had several scholars, who afterwards did him credit by making a great figure in the world.
The famous Hercules was one, and so was Achilles, and Philoctetes likewise, and Aesculapius, who acquired immense repute as a doctor.

When Becky told her father, in strict confidence, how Tom had taken her whipping at school, the Judge was visibly moved; and when she pleaded grace for the mighty lie which Tom had told in order to shift that whipping from her shoulders to his own, the Judge said with a fine outburst that it was a noble, a generous, a magnanimous lie a lie that was worthy to hold up its head and march down through history breast to breast with George Washington's lauded Truth about the hatchet!
Becky thought her father had never looked so tall and so superb as when he walked the floor and stamped his foot and said that.
She went straight off and told Tom about it.
Judge Thatcher hoped to see Tom a great lawyer or a great soldier some day.
He said he meant to look to it that Tom should be admitted to the National Military Academy and afterward trained in the best law school in the country, in order that he might be ready for either career or both.
Huck Finn's wealth and the fact that he was now under the Widow Douglas'
protection introduced him into society no, dragged him into it, hurled him into it and his sufferings were almost more than he could bear.
The widow's servants kept him clean and neat, combed and brushed, and they bedded him nightly in unsympathetic sheets that had not one little spot or stain which he could press to his heart and know for a friend.
He had to eat with a knife and fork; he had to use napkin, cup, and plate; he had to learn his book, he had to go to church; he had to talk so properly that speech was become insipid in his mouth; whithersoever he turned, the bars and shackles of civilization shut him in and bound him hand and foot.
He bravely bore his miseries three weeks, and then one day turned up missing.
For forty-eight hours the widow hunted for him everywhere in great distress.
The public were profoundly concerned; they searched high and low, they dragged the river for his body.
Early the third morning Tom Sawyer wisely went poking among some old empty hogsheads down behind the abandoned slaughter-house, and in one of them he found the refugee.

He besought the mortar with tears to help him avenge his father's death.
The mortar was very sorry when he heard the woful tale and promised at once to help the young crab punish the monkey to death.
He warned him that he must be very careful in what he did, for the monkey was a strong and cunning enemy.
The mortar now sent to fetch the bee and the chestnut (also the crab's old friends) to consult them about the matter.
In a short time the bee and the chestnut arrived.
When they were told all the details of the old crab's death and of the monkey's wickedness and greed, they both gladly consented to help the young crab in his revenge.
After talking for a long time as to the ways and means of carrying out their plans they separated, and Mr. Mortar went home with the young crab to help him bury his poor father.
While all this was taking place the monkey was congratulating himself (as the wicked often do before their punishment comes upon them) on all he had done so neatly.
He thought it quite a fine thing that he had robbed his friend of all his ripe persimmons and then that he had killed him.
Still, smile as hard as he might, he could not banish altogether the fear of the consequences should his evil deeds be discovered.
IF he were found out (and he told himself that this could not be for he had escaped unseen) the crab's family would be sure to bear him hatred and seek to take revenge on him.
So he would not go out, and kept himself at home for several days.

From this story it is evident that in former times the jelly fish once had a shell and bones something like a tortoise, but, ever since the Dragon King's sentence was carried out on the ancestor of the jelly fishes, his descendants have all been soft and boneless just as you see them to-day thrown up by the waves high upon the shores of Japan.
THE QUARREL OF THE MONKEY AND THE CRAB.
Long, long ago, one bright autumn day in Japan, it happened, that a pink-faced monkey and a yellow crab were playing together along the bank of a river.
As they were running about, the crab found a rice-dumpling and the monkey a persimmon-seed.
The crab picked up the rice-dumpling and showed it to the monkey, saying:
"Look what a nice thing I have found!"
Then the monkey held up his persimmon-seed and said:
"I also have found something good!
Look!"
Now though the monkey is always very fond of persimmon fruit, he had no use for the seed he had just found.
The persimmon-seed is as hard and uneatable as a stone.
He, therefore, in his greedy nature, felt very envious of the crab's nice dumpling, and he proposed an exchange.
The crab naturally did not see why he should give up his prize for a hard stone-like seed, and would not consent to the monkey's proposition.
Then the cunning monkey began to persuade the crab, saying:
"How unwise you are not to think of the future!

You hurt!” cried the same far-away little voice.
Mastro Cherry grew dumb, his eyes popped out of his head, his mouth opened wide, and his tongue hung down on his chin.
As soon as he regained the use of his senses, he said, trembling and stuttering from fright:
“Where did that voice come from, when there is no one around?
Might it be that this piece of wood has learned to weep and cry like a child?
I can hardly believe it.
Here it is a piece of common firewood, good only to burn in the stove, the same as any other.
Yet might someone be hidden in it?
If so, the worse for him.
I’ll fix him!”
With these words, he grabbed the log with both hands and started to knock it about unmercifully.
He threw it to the floor, against the walls of the room, and even up to the ceiling.
He listened for the tiny voice to moan and cry.
He waited two minutes nothing; five minutes nothing; ten minutes nothing.

"You see," he continued confidentially, "I don't mind my legs and arms and body being stuffed, because I cannot get hurt.
If anyone treads on my toes or sticks a pin into me, it doesn't matter, for I can't feel it.
But I do not want people to call me a fool, and if my head stays stuffed with straw instead of with brains, as yours is, how am I ever to know anything?"
"I understand how you feel," said the little girl, who was truly sorry for him.
"If you will come with me I'll ask Oz to do all he can for you."
"Thank you," he answered gratefully.
They walked back to the road.
Dorothy helped him over the fence, and they started along the path of yellow brick for the Emerald City.
Toto did not like this addition to the party at first.
He smelled around the stuffed man as if he suspected there might be a nest of rats in the straw, and he often growled in an unfriendly way at the Scarecrow.
"Don't mind Toto," said Dorothy to her new friend.
"He never bites."

"Teddy is a remarkable boy, and can't be taken as a sample of other boys," said Amy, in a tone of solemn conviction, which would have convulsed the 'remarkable boy' if he had heard it.
"If we were belles, or women of wealth and position, we might do something, perhaps, but for us to frown at one set of young gentlemen because we don't approve of them, and smile upon another set because we do, wouldn't have a particle of effect, and we should only be considered odd and puritanical."
"So we are to countenance things and people which we detest, merely because we are not belles and millionaires, are we?
That's a nice sort of morality."
"I can't argue about it, I only know that it's the way of the world, and people who set themselves against it only get laughed at for their pains.
I don't like reformers, and I hope you never try to be one."
"I do like them, and I shall be one if I can, for in spite of the laughing the world would never get on without them.
We can't agree about that, for you belong to the old set, and I to the new.
You will get on the best, but I shall have the liveliest time of it.
I should rather enjoy the brickbats and hooting, I think."
"Well, compose yourself now, and don't worry Aunt with your new ideas."
"I'll try not to, but I'm always possessed to burst out with some particularly blunt speech or revolutionary sentiment before her.

He seemed particularly fond of the two elder little girls the Janet and Nora who had been so alarmed when their small brother Donald had given Sara his sixpence.
He had, in fact, a very tender place in his heart for all children, and particularly for little girls.
Janet and Nora were as fond of him as he was of them, and looked forward with the greatest pleasure to the afternoons when they were allowed to cross the square and make their well-behaved little visits to him.
They were extremely decorous little visits because he was an invalid.
"He is a poor thing," said Janet, "and he says we cheer him up.
We try to cheer him up very quietly."
Janet was the head of the family, and kept the rest of it in order.
It was she who decided when it was discreet to ask the Indian gentleman to tell stories about India, and it was she who saw when he was tired and it was the time to steal quietly away and tell Ram Dass to go to him.
They were very fond of Ram Dass.
He could have told any number of stories if he had been able to speak anything but Hindustani.
The Indian gentleman's real name was Mr. Carrisford, and Janet told Mr.
Carrisford about the encounter with the little-girl-who-was-not-a-beggar.
He was very much interested, and all the more so when he heard from Ram Dass of the adventure of the monkey on the roof.

Remember that you owe everything to me.” So the ladies were obliged to go to him again.
“A hundred kisses from the Princess,” said he, “or else let everyone keep his own!”
“Stand round!” said she; and all the ladies stood round her whilst the kissing was going on.
“What can be the reason for such a crowd close by the pigsty?” said the Emperor, who happened just then to step out on the balcony; he rubbed his eyes, and put on his spectacles.
“They are the ladies of the court; I must go down and see what they are about!” So he pulled up his slippers at the heel, for he had trodden them down.
As soon as he had got into the court-yard, he moved very softly, and the ladies were so much engrossed with counting the kisses, that all might go on fairly, that they did not perceive the Emperor.
He rose on his tiptoes.
“What is all this?” said he, when he saw what was going on, and he boxed the Princess's ears with his slipper, just as the swineherd was taking the eighty-sixth kiss.
“March out!” said the Emperor, for he was very angry; and both Princess and swineherd were thrust out of the city.
The Princess now stood and wept, the swineherd scolded, and the rain poured down.
“Alas!
Unhappy creature that I am!” said the Princess.
“If I had but married the handsome young Prince!

heaven, what am I to do?” and the three drops of blood replied:
  “If your mother only knew,   Her heart would surely break in two.”
And as she drank thus, and leaned right over the water, the rag containing the three drops of blood fell from her bosom and floated down the stream, and she in her anxiety never even noticed her loss.
But the waiting-maid had observed it with delight, as she knew it gave her power over the bride, for in losing the drops of blood the Princess had become weak and powerless.
When she wished to get on her horse Falada again, the waiting-maid called out: “I mean to ride Falada: you must mount my beast”; and this too she had to submit to.
Then the waiting-maid commanded her harshly to take off her royal robes, and to put on her common ones, and finally she made her swear by heaven not to say a word about the matter when they reached the palace; and if she hadn’t taken this oath she would have been killed on the spot.
But Falada observed everything, and laid it all to heart.
The waiting-maid now mounted Falada, and the real bride the worse horse, and so they continued their journey till at length they arrived at the palace yard.
There was great rejoicing over the arrival, and the Prince sprang forward to meet them, and taking the waiting-maid for his bride, he lifted her down from her horse and led her upstairs to the royal chamber.
In the meantime the real Princess was left standing below in the courtyard.
The old King, who was looking out of his window, beheld her in this plight, and it struck him how sweet and gentle, even beautiful, she looked.
He went at once to the royal chamber, and asked the bride who it was she had brought with her and had left thus standing in the court below.
“Oh!” replied the bride, “I brought her with me to keep me company on the journey; give the girl something to do, that she may not be idle.” But the old King had no work for her, and couldn’t think of anything; so he said, “I’ve a small boy who looks after the geese, she’d better help him.” The youth’s name was Curdken, and the real bride was made to assist him in herding geese.
Soon after this the false bride said to the Prince: “Dearest husband, I pray you grant me a favor.” He answered: “That I will.” “Then let the slaughterer cut off the head of the horse I rode here upon, because it behaved very badly on the journey.” But the truth was she was afraid lest the horse should speak and tell how she had treated the Princess.

Towards that, as yet, I had only my iron mace.
But now, with my growing knowledge, I felt very differently towards those bronze doors.
Up to this, I had refrained from forcing them, largely because of the mystery on the other side.
They had never impressed me as being very strong, and I hoped to find my bar of iron not altogether inadequate for the work.
XII 
 In the Darkness 
“We emerged from the Palace while the sun was still in part above the horizon.
I was determined to reach the White Sphinx early the next morning, and ere the dusk I purposed pushing through the woods that had stopped me on the previous journey.
My plan was to go as far as possible that night, and then, building a fire, to sleep in the protection of its glare.
Accordingly, as we went along I gathered any sticks or dried grass I saw, and presently had my arms full of such litter.
Thus loaded, our progress was slower than I had anticipated, and besides Weena was tired.
And I, also, began to suffer from sleepiness too; so that it was full night before we reached the wood.
Upon the shrubby hill of its edge Weena would have stopped, fearing the darkness before us; but a singular sense of impending calamity, that should indeed have served me as a warning, drove me onward.
I had been without sleep for a night and two days, and I was feverish and irritable.

"Now then, vote again.
Everybody remember it's our Laurie, and say, 'Aye!'"
cried Snodgrass excitedly.
"Aye!
Aye!
Aye!"
replied three voices at once.
"Good!
Bless you!
Now, as there's nothing like 'taking time by the fetlock', as Winkle characteristically observes, allow me to present the new member."
And, to the dismay of the rest of the club, Jo threw open the door of the closet, and displayed Laurie sitting on a rag bag, flushed and twinkling with suppressed laughter.
"You rogue!

I am not fit to be pitted against you to-night.
Is the teaboard still there, Lucie?
I can't see.”
“Of course, it has been kept for you.”
“Thank ye, my dear.
The precious child is safe in bed?”
“And sleeping soundly.”
“That's right; all safe and well!
I don't know why anything should be otherwise than safe and well here, thank God; but I have been so put out all day, and I am not as young as I was!
My tea, my dear!
Thank ye.
Now, come and take your place in the circle, and let us sit quiet, and hear the echoes about which you have your theory.”
“Not a theory; it was a fancy.”
“A fancy, then, my wise pet,” said Mr. Lorry, patting her hand.
“They are very numerous and very loud, though, are they not?
Only hear them!”
Headlong, mad, and dangerous footsteps to force their way into anybody's life, footsteps not easily made clean again if once stained red, the footsteps raging in Saint Antoine afar off, as the little circle sat in the dark London window.
Saint Antoine had been, that morning, a vast dusky mass of scarecrows heaving to and fro, with frequent gleams of light above the billowy heads, where steel blades and bayonets shone in the sun.
A tremendous roar arose from the throat of Saint Antoine, and a forest of naked arms struggled in the air like shrivelled branches of trees in a winter wind:
all the fingers convulsively clutching at every weapon or semblance of a weapon that was thrown up from the depths below, no matter how far off.

Nor was it wrung from me; nor do I now drop these links.
Thou canst blind; but I can then grope.
Thou canst consume; but I can then be ashes.
Take the homage of these poor eyes, and shutter-hands.
I would not take it.
The lightning flashes through my skull; mine eye-balls ache and ache; my whole beaten brain seems as beheaded, and rolling on some stunning ground.
Oh, oh!
Yet blindfold, yet will I talk to thee.
Light though thou be, thou leapest out of darkness; but I am darkness leaping out of light, leaping out of thee!
The javelins cease; open eyes; see, or not?
There burn the flames!
Oh, thou magnanimous!

Worse than aught they had before endured was a frost that drove the brothers to despair.
Well-nigh frozen to a rock, they one night cried aloud to Finola that they longed for death.
And she, too, would fain have died.
But that same night did a dream come to the swan-maiden, and, when she awoke, she cried to her brothers to take heart.
'Believe, dear brothers, in the great God who hath created the earth with its fruits and the sea with its terrible wonders.
Trust in Him, and He will yet save you.'
And her brothers answered, 'We will trust.'
And Finola also put her trust in God, and they all fell into a deep slumber.
When the children of Lir awoke, behold!
the sun shone, and thereafter, until the three hundred years on the Western Sea were ended, neither wind nor wave nor rain nor frost did hurt to the four swans.
On a grassy isle they lived and sang their wondrous songs by day, and by night they nestled together on their soft couch, and awoke in the morning to sunshine and to peace.
And there on the grassy island was their home, until the three hundred years were at an end.

Say that!”
“They didn’t tell much of anything about him; only I’ve heard that he’s a good whale-hunter, and a good captain to his crew.”
“That’s true, that’s true—yes, both true enough.
But you must jump when he gives an order.
Step and growl; growl and go—that’s the word with Captain Ahab.
But nothing about that thing that happened to him off Cape Horn, long ago, when he lay like dead for three days and nights; nothing about that deadly skrimmage with the Spaniard afore the altar in Santa?—heard nothing about that, eh?
Nothing about the silver calabash he spat into?
And nothing about his losing his leg last voyage, according to the prophecy.
Didn’t ye hear a word about them matters and something more, eh?
No, I don’t think ye did; how could ye?
Who knows it?
Not all Nantucket, I guess.
But hows’ever, mayhap, ye’ve heard tell about the leg, and how he lost it; aye, ye have heard of that, I dare say.
Oh yes, that every one knows a’most—I mean they know he’s only one leg; and that a parmacetti took the other off.”
“My friend,” said I, “what all this gibberish of yours is about, I don’t know, and I don’t much care; for it seems to me that you must be a little damaged in the head.

But you can't touch my neck."
Of course, Brok could not get his head without touching his neck.
So Brok did not get Loki's head.
THE HAMMER LOST AND FOUND.
everything    planned 
The Frost Giants did not like the sunshine.
They did not like to see the flowers.
They did not like to hear the birds sing.
They wanted to spoil everything.
The Frost Giants wanted to get into Asgard.
But they did not know how.
They were afraid of Thor and his hammer.
They said, "If we can only get the hammer, we can get into Asgard."

But the old woman quickly called out, “For your life leave the curtains closed; the Queen ought not to see the light yet, and must have rest.” The King went away, and did not find out that a false Queen was lying in the bed.
But at midnight, when all slept, the nurse, who was sitting in the nursery by the cradle, and who was the only person awake, saw the door open and the true Queen walk in.
She took the child out of the cradle, laid it on her arm, and suckled it.
Then she shook up its pillow, laid the child down again, and covered it with the little quilt.
And she did not forget the roebuck, but went into the corner where it lay, and stroked its back.
Then she went quite silently out of the door again.
The next morning the nurse asked the guards whether anyone had come into the palace during the night, but they answered, “No, we have seen no one.”
She came thus many nights and never spoke a word: the nurse always saw her, but she did not dare to tell anyone about it.
When some time had passed in this manner, the Queen began to speak in the night, and said—
“How fares my child, how fares my roe?
Twice shall I come, then never more.”
The nurse did not answer, but when the Queen had gone again, went to the King and told him all.
The King said, “Ah, heavens!
what is this?
To-morrow night I will watch by the child.” In the evening he went into the nursery, and at midnight the Queen again appeared and said—
“How fares my child, how fares my roe?

"When yo' comin' back?
Yo' yo' ain' goin' without  " He held out his arms to her, but she only giggled and began to walk slowly away.
With a bound he was after her, one hand catching her lightly by the shoulder.
He felt suddenly that he must not lose sight of her.
"Let me go!
Tu'n me loose, yo'!"
The girl was still laughing, but evidently troubled.
She wrenched herself away with an effort, only to be caught again a moment later.
She screamed and struck at him as he kissed her; for now she was really in terror.
The blow caught Gideon squarely in the mouth, and with such force that he staggered back, astonished, while the girl took wildly to her heels.
He stood for a moment irresolute, for something was happening to him.
For months he had evaded love with a gentle embarrassment; now, with the savage crash of that blow, he knew unreasoningly that he had found his woman.

After taking a timid peep at him lying on his back, with his rusty hands under his head for a pillow, his son lay down too, and fell asleep again.
There was no fish for breakfast, and not much of anything else.
Mr.
Cruncher was out of spirits, and out of temper, and kept an iron pot-lid by him as a projectile for the correction of Mrs. Cruncher, in case he should observe any symptoms of her saying Grace.
He was brushed and washed at the usual hour, and set off with his son to pursue his ostensible calling.
Young Jerry, walking with the stool under his arm at his father's side along sunny and crowded Fleet-street, was a very different Young Jerry from him of the previous night, running home through darkness and solitude from his grim pursuer.
His cunning was fresh with the day, and his qualms were gone with the night in which particulars it is not improbable that he had compeers in Fleet-street and the City of London, that fine morning.
“Father,” said Young Jerry, as they walked along: taking care to keep at arm's length and to have the stool well between them: “what's a Resurrection-Man?”
Mr. Cruncher came to a stop on the pavement before he answered, “How should I know?”
“I thought you knowed everything, father,” said the artless boy.
“Hem!
Well,” returned Mr. Cruncher, going on again, and lifting off his hat to give his spikes free play, “he's a tradesman.”
“What's his goods, father?” asked the brisk Young Jerry.
“His goods,” said Mr. Cruncher, after turning it over in his mind, “is a branch of Scientific goods.”
“Persons' bodies, ain't it, father?” asked the lively boy.
“I believe it is something of that sort,” said Mr. Cruncher.
“Oh, father, I should so like to be a Resurrection-Man when I'm quite growed up!”
Mr. Cruncher was soothed, but shook his head in a dubious and moral way.

He tried in vain to get out through the bars, and rolled and bit with rage and grief when he failed.
By chance a poor Brahman came by.
"Let me out of this cage, oh pious one!"
cried the tiger.
"Nay, my friend," replied the Brahman mildly, "you would probably eat me if I did."
"Not at all!"
swore the tiger with many oaths; "on the contrary, I should be for ever grateful, and serve you as a slave!"
Now when the tiger sobbed and sighed and wept and swore, the pious Brahman's heart softened, and at last he consented to open the door of the cage.
Out popped the tiger, and, seizing the poor man, cried, "What a fool you are!
What is to prevent my eating you now, for after being cooped up so long I am just terribly hungry!"
In vain the Brahman pleaded for his life; the most he could gain was a promise to abide by the decision of the first three things he chose to question as to the justice of the tiger's action.
So the Brahman first asked a pipal tree what it thought of the matter, but the pipal tree replied coldly, "What have you to complain about?

If she is alive, she is somewhere.
If she is friendless and penniless, it is through my fault.
How is a man to get back his nerve with a thing like that on his mind?
This sudden change of luck at the mines has made realities of all our most fantastic dreams, and poor Crewe's child may be begging in the street!"
"No, no," said Carmichael.
"Try to be calm.
Console yourself with the fact that when she is found you have a fortune to hand over to her."
"Why was I not man enough to stand my ground when things looked black?"
Carrisford groaned in petulant misery.
"I believe I should have stood my ground if I had not been responsible for other people's money as well as my own.
Poor Crewe had put into the scheme every penny that he owned.
He trusted me he LOVED me.

The children stayed at this bed for a long time.
At last Margaret said: "But where is Santa Claus?
We wanted to see him."
"Oh, to be sure," said the Brownie.
"Come along," and he led them down a long, winding walk, to the edge of the garden.
Then he pointed to a hill in the distance.
"Do you see that large white house?
There is where he lives."
The children stared at it.
It was so white that it seemed to shine in the distance.
"Walk right across here," said the Brownie, "then up the hill to Santa Claus's house."
"Oh, must we walk across there?"

THERE is one sound that I shall always remember.
It is "Honk!"
I spun around like a top, one summer day when I heard it, looking nervously in every direction.
I had just come down from the city to the Cape with my sister Hester for my third summer vacation.
I had left the cars with my arms full of bundles, and hurried toward Aunt Targood's.
The cottage stood in from the road.
There was a long meadow in front of it.
In the meadow were two great oaks and some clusters of lilacs.
An old, mossy stone wall protected the grounds from the road, and a long walk ran from the old wooden gate to the door.
It was a sunny day, and my heart was light.
The orioles were flaming in the old orchards; the bobolinks were tossing themselves about in the long meadows of timothy, daisies, and patches of clover.
There was a scent of new-mown hay in the air.

When, at last, he came back, Dorothy asked:
"Have you seen Oz?"
"Oh, no," returned the soldier; "I have never seen him.
But I spoke to him as he sat behind his screen and gave him your message.
He said he will grant you an audience, if you so desire; but each one of you must enter his presence alone, and he will admit but one each day.
Therefore, as you must remain in the Palace for several days, I will have you shown to rooms where you may rest in comfort after your journey."
"Thank you," replied the girl; "that is very kind of Oz."
The soldier now blew upon a green whistle, and at once a young girl, dressed in a pretty green silk gown, entered the room.
She had lovely green hair and green eyes, and she bowed low before Dorothy as she said, "Follow me and I will show you your room."
So Dorothy said good-bye to all her friends except Toto, and taking the dog in her arms followed the green girl through seven passages and up three flights of stairs until they came to a room at the front of the Palace.
It was the sweetest little room in the world, with a soft comfortable bed that had sheets of green silk and a green velvet counterpane.
There was a tiny fountain in the middle of the room, that shot a spray of green perfume into the air, to fall back into a beautifully carved green marble basin.
Beautiful green flowers stood in the windows, and there was a shelf with a row of little green books.

"Yes, thank goodness!"
"Why did you go alone?"
"Didn't want anyone to know."
"You're the oddest fellow I ever saw.
How many did you have out?"
Jo looked at her friend as if she did not understand him, then began to laugh as if mightily amused at something.
"There are two which I want to have come out, but I must wait a week."
"What are you laughing at?
You are up to some mischief, Jo," said Laurie, looking mystified.
"So are you.
What were you doing, sir, up in that billiard saloon?"
"Begging your pardon, ma'am, it wasn't a billiard saloon, but a gymnasium, and I was taking a lesson in fencing."

"He's upstairs now, having some tea."
"What does he think of it all?"
"He's absolutely rattled."
"Ripping!
I'll be toddling up, then.
Toodle-oo, Bertie, old man.
See you later."
"Pip-pip, Bicky, dear boy."
He trotted off, full of merriment and good cheer, and I went off to the club to sit in the window and watch the traffic coming up one way and going down the other.
It was latish in the evening when I looked in at the flat to dress for dinner.
"Where's everybody, Jeeves?"
I said, finding no little feet pattering about the place.

‘How on earth, Badger,’ he said at last, ‘did you ever find time and strength to do all this?
It’s astonishing!’
‘It WOULD be astonishing indeed,’ said the Badger simply, ‘if I HAD done it.
But as a matter of fact I did none of it only cleaned out the passages and chambers, as far as I had need of them.
There’s lots more of it, all round about.
I see you don’t understand, and I must explain it to you.
Well, very long ago, on the spot where the Wild Wood waves now, before ever it had planted itself and grown up to what it now is, there was a city a city of people, you know.
Here, where we are standing, they lived, and walked, and talked, and slept, and carried on their business.
Here they stabled their horses and feasted, from here they rode out to fight or drove out to trade.
They were a powerful people, and rich, and great builders.
They built to last, for they thought their city would last for ever.’
‘But what has become of them all?’ asked the Mole.
‘Who can tell?’ said the Badger.
‘People come they stay for a while, they flourish, they build and they go.

They were all fine, well born youths of Greece, and everyone of them made a name for himself later on.
Hercules was of the Argonauts, and there has never been any such strength as his.
There was Theseus, who could move rocks and capture robbers single-handed.
There was also Orpheus, the son of Apollo, who could tame, wild beasts with the beautiful music of his lyre.
Nestor, who grew up to be a famous warrior of Greece, went with them.
They seated themselves with their leader, Jason, in the ship, a whistling breeze filled her sails, and they shot swiftly before the wind toward Colchis.
It was a long voyage, but they reached this foreign shore with no serious mishap, leaped onto the bank, and went at once to the king of Colchis, demanding from him the golden fleece.
The Argonauts thought in the pride of their youth that no one could resist them or refuse them anything, but the king looked serious over the matter.
"You must earn the fleece, Jason," he said.
"Nothing so valuable can be had for only the asking.
Are you brave enough to yoke my bulls to a plough and plant a field full of dragon's teeth?"
Jason gasped.

This was the beginning of Rhode Island.
She desired at once to join the New England Colony, but was refused, as she had no charter.
Plymouth claimed also to have jurisdiction over Rhode Island.
This was very much like Plymouth.
Having banished Roger Williams and Mrs. Hutchinson to be skinned by the Pequods and Narragansetts over at Narragansett Pier, they went on about their business, flogging Quakers, also ducking old women who had lumbago, and burning other women who would not answer affirmatively when asked, "Be you a witch?"
Then when Roger began to make improvements and draw the attention of Eastern capital to Rhode Island and to organize a State or Colony with a charter, Plymouth said, "Hold on, Roger: religiously we have cast you out, to live on wild strawberries, clams, and Indians, but from a mercantile and political point of view you will please notice that we have a string which you will notice is attached to your wages and discoveries."
Afterwards, however, Roger Williams obtained the necessary funds from admiring friends with which to go to England and obtain a charter which united the Colonies yet gave to all the first official right to liberty of conscience ever granted in Europe or America.
Prior to that a man's conscience had a brass collar on it with the royal arms engraved thereon, and was kept picketed out in the king's grounds.
The owner could go and look at it on Sundays, but he never had the use of it.
With the advent of freedom of political opinion, the individual use of the conscience has become popularized, and the time is coming when it will grow to a great size under our wise institutions and fostering skies.
Instead of turning over our consciences to the safety deposit company of a great political party or religious organization and taking the key in our pocket, let us have individual charge of this useful little instrument and be able finally to answer for its growth or decay.
CHAPTER VII.

Silently and with great awe did all the company look at the wise old man, for those things that he had already foretold had they not come to pass?
The magician, also silent, looked from the face of one to the face of another, but when his eyes fell on Concobar, the King, long did they dwell there, and when he lifted them, on Felim did they rest.
Then the Wise Man spake:
'This night, O Felim the Harper, shall a girl-babe be born to thee within these castle walls.
Loveliest among the lovely shall thy star-eyed daughter be; no harp-strings shall yield such music as her voice, no fairy strains pour forth such wonder-stirring sound.
Yet, O Felim, in days to come, because of this fair child shall great sorrow come upon our King Concobar and upon all his realm.
In those days shall Erin's chief glory perish, for if the House of the Red Branch fall, who shall stand?'
Then did a cry of fear burst from those gathered to the feast, and leaping to their feet, each man laid his hand upon his sword, for the word that the wise man had spoken would it not come to pass?
'Let our swords be in readiness,' they cried, 'to kill the babe that shall be born this night, for better far is it that one child perish than that the blood of a nation be spilt.'
And Felim spake: 'Great sorrow is mine that fear of the child who shall be born this night should be upon you.
Therefore, if it please the King, let my daughter die, and so may peace yet reign in the realm.
For dear as would be a child to my wife and to me, dearer yet is the common weal.'
But the answer of King Concobar came not for a time.

"Let us tarry no longer.
We have waited too many years for this hour!"
With this the Mimic King and Queen assumed the shapes of giant birds and soared through the cavern to the stone portal.
The throngs of their Mimic subjects followed, beating the air with great, leathery wings as they passed from the cavern into the night.
Soon the sky above Mount Illuso was darkened with the great numbers of the Mimic horde, and the light of the moon was blotted from the earth by the flapping wings.
Following the lead of King Umb and Queen Ra, they headed straight for the Deadly Desert and the Land of Oz.
The Mimics in the Emerald City 
On the morning when the Mimic hordes swept over the border of the Deadly Desert and the Winkie Country and on to the Emerald City, Button Bright and the Patchwork Girl were playing leap-frog in the garden of the Royal Palace.
Cap'n Bill was sitting nearby on a bench in the sun, carving on a block of wood with his big jack-knife.
The old sailor man worked slowly and painstakingly, but when he finished he knew he would have a good likeness of Princess Ozma's lovely features carved in the wood.
This he planned to mount as a figurehead on the prow of the boat he was building as a surprise for Ozma.
Suddenly Button Bright, who had tumbled flat on his back, cried out:
"Look!
Look at those birds!"

There was another pause, and then the judge arrived and the sheriff proclaimed the opening of the court.
The usual whisperings among the lawyers and gathering together of papers followed.
These details and accompanying delays worked up an atmosphere of preparation that was as impressive as it was fascinating.
Now a witness was called who testified that he found Muff Potter washing in the brook, at an early hour of the morning that the murder was discovered, and that he immediately sneaked away.
After some further questioning, counsel for the prosecution said:
“Take the witness.”
The prisoner raised his eyes for a moment, but dropped them again when his own counsel said:
“I have no questions to ask him.”
The next witness proved the finding of the knife near the corpse.
Counsel for the prosecution said:
“Take the witness.”
“I have no questions to ask him,” Potter's lawyer replied.
A third witness swore he had often seen the knife in Potter's possession.
“Take the witness.”
Counsel for Potter declined to question him.
The faces of the audience began to betray annoyance.
Did this attorney mean to throw away his client's life without an effort?
Several witnesses deposed concerning Potter's guilty behavior when brought to the scene of the murder.
They were allowed to leave the stand without being cross-questioned.

cooed the Mourning Doves.
"It is time!"
cried the Cowbirds in their hoarse voices.
All through the forest there was restlessness and quiet haste.
The Juncoes had already come from the cold northland and were resting from their long flight.
The Ground Hogs, the Rabbits, and the Squirrels were out to say good-by.
The Owls peeped from their hollow trees, shading their eyes from the strong light of the sun.
And then the travellers went.
The Robins started in family parties.
The Mourning Doves slipped quietly away.
The Cowbirds went in a dashing crowd.
And the Crows, after much talking and disputing on the tree-tops, took a noisy farewell of the few members of the flock who were to remain behind, and, joining other flocks from the North, flew off in a great company which darkened the sky and caused a shadow to pass over the stubble-field almost like that of a summer cloud.

I laid in a stock, but shall get my gloves in Paris.
Doesn't that sound sort of elegant and rich?
Flo and I, for the fun of it, ordered a hansom cab, while Aunt and Uncle were out, and went for a drive, though we learned afterward that it wasn't the thing for young ladies to ride in them alone.
It was so droll!
For when we were shut in by the wooden apron, the man drove so fast that Flo was frightened, and told me to stop him, but he was up outside behind somewhere, and I couldn't get at him.
He didn't hear me call, nor see me flap my parasol in front, and there we were, quite helpless, rattling away, and whirling around corners at a breakneck pace.
At last, in my despair, I saw a little door in the roof, and on poking it open, a red eye appeared, and a beery voice said...
"Now, then, mum?"
I gave my order as soberly as I could, and slamming down the door, with an "Aye, aye, mum," the man made his horse walk, as if going to a funeral.
I poked again and said, "A little faster," then off he went, helter-skelter as before, and we resigned ourselves to our fate.
Today was fair, and we went to Hyde Park, close by, for we are more aristocratic than we look.
The Duke of Devonshire lives near.
I often see his footmen lounging at the back gate, and the Duke of Wellington's house is not far off.

And he, filled with wonder at the surpassing sweetness of the music, stood mute, but when it was revealed unto him that the voices he heard were the voices of Finola and Aed and Fiacra and Conn, who thanked the High God for the chime of the Christ-bell, he knelt and also gave thanks, for it was to seek the children of Lir that the Saint had come to Inis Glora.
In the glory of noon, Kemoc reached the shore of the little lake, and saw four white swans gliding on its waters.
And no need had the Saint to ask whether these indeed were the children of Lir.
Rather did he give thanks to the High God who had brought him hither.
Then gravely the good Kemoc said to the swans, 'Come ye now to land, and put your trust in me, for it is in this place that ye shall be freed from your enchantment.'
These words the four white swans heard with great joy, and coming to the shore they placed themselves under the care of the Saint.
And he led them to his cell, and there they dwelt with him.
And Kemoc sent to Erin for a skilful workman, and ordered that two slender chains of shining silver be made.
Betwixt Finola and Aed did he clasp one silver chain, and with the other did he bind Fiacra and Conn.
Then did the children of Lir dwell with the holy Kemoc, and he taught them the wonderful story of Christ that he and Saint Patrick had brought to the Green Isle.
And the story so gladdened their hearts that the misery of their past sufferings was well-nigh forgotten, and they lived in great happiness with the Saint.
Dear to him were they, dear as though they had been his own children.
Thrice three hundred years had gone since Eva had chanted the fate of the children of Lir.

"Good Mr. Boar, I have heard of your excellent wisdom.
I am in great trouble, you alone can help me.
I have grown old in the service of my master, and because I cannot dance properly now he intends to sell me to the butcher.
What do you advise me to do?
I know how clever you are!"
The boar was pleased at the flattery and determined to help the monkey.
He thought for a little while and then said:
"Hasn't your master a baby?"
"Oh, yes," said the monkey, "he has one infant son."
"Doesn't it lie by the door in the morning when your mistress begins the work of the day?
Well, I will come round early and when I see my opportunity I will seize the child and run off with it."
"What then?"
said the monkey.

Yes, I have heard something curious on that score, sir; how that a dismasted man never entirely loses the feeling of his old spar, but it will be still pricking him at times.
May I humbly ask if it be really so, sir?
It is, man.
Look, put thy live leg here in the place where mine once was; so, now, here is only one distinct leg to the eye, yet two to the soul.
Where thou feelest tingling life; there, exactly there, there to a hair, do I. Is’t a riddle?
I should humbly call it a poser, sir.
Hist, then.
How dost thou know that some entire, living, thinking thing may not be invisibly and uninterpenetratingly standing precisely where thou now standest; aye, and standing there in thy spite?
In thy most solitary hours, then, dost thou not fear eavesdroppers?
Hold, don’t speak!
And if I still feel the smart of my crushed leg, though it be now so long dissolved; then, why mayst not thou, carpenter, feel the fiery pains of hell for ever, and without a body?
Hah!

Nothing was wanting on Mrs. Palmer's side that constant and friendly good humour could do, to make them feel themselves welcome.
The openness and heartiness of her manner more than atoned for that want of recollection and elegance which made her often deficient in the forms of politeness; her kindness, recommended by so pretty a face, was engaging; her folly, though evident was not disgusting, because it was not conceited; and Elinor could have forgiven every thing but her laugh.
The two gentlemen arrived the next day to a very late dinner, affording a pleasant enlargement of the party, and a very welcome variety to their conversation, which a long morning of the same continued rain had reduced very low.
Elinor had seen so little of Mr. Palmer, and in that little had seen so much variety in his address to her sister and herself, that she knew not what to expect to find him in his own family.
She found him, however, perfectly the gentleman in his behaviour to all his visitors, and only occasionally rude to his wife and her mother; she found him very capable of being a pleasant companion, and only prevented from being so always, by too great an aptitude to fancy himself as much superior to people in general, as he must feel himself to be to Mrs.
Jennings and Charlotte.
For the rest of his character and habits, they were marked, as far as Elinor could perceive, with no traits at all unusual in his sex and time of life.
He was nice in his eating, uncertain in his hours; fond of his child, though affecting to slight it; and idled away the mornings at billiards, which ought to have been devoted to business.
She liked him, however, upon the whole, much better than she had expected, and in her heart was not sorry that she could like him no more; not sorry to be driven by the observation of his Epicurism, his selfishness, and his conceit, to rest with complacency on the remembrance of Edward's generous temper, simple taste, and diffident feelings.
Of Edward, or at least of some of his concerns, she now received intelligence from Colonel Brandon, who had been into Dorsetshire lately; and who, treating her at once as the disinterested friend of Mr. Ferrars, and the kind confidante of himself, talked to her a great deal of the parsonage at Delaford, described its deficiencies, and told her what he meant to do himself towards removing them.
His behaviour to her in this, as well as in every other particular, his open pleasure in meeting her after an absence of only ten days, his readiness to converse with her, and his deference for her opinion, might very well justify Mrs. Jennings's persuasion of his attachment, and would have been enough, perhaps, had not Elinor still, as from the first, believed Marianne his real favourite, to make her suspect it herself.
But as it was, such a notion had scarcely ever entered her head, except by Mrs. Jennings's suggestion; and she could not help believing herself the nicest observer of the two; she watched his eyes, while Mrs. Jennings thought only of his behaviour; and while his looks of anxious solicitude on Marianne's feeling, in her head and throat, the beginning of a heavy cold, because unexpressed by words, entirely escaped the latter lady's observation; SHE could discover in them the quick feelings, and needless alarm of a lover.
Two delightful twilight walks on the third and fourth evenings of her being there, not merely on the dry gravel of the shrubbery, but all over the grounds, and especially in the most distant parts of them, where there was something more of wildness than in the rest, where the trees were the oldest, and the grass was the longest and wettest, had assisted by the still greater imprudence of sitting in her wet shoes and stockings given Marianne a cold so violent as, though for a day or two trifled with or denied, would force itself by increasing ailments on the concern of every body, and the notice of herself.

Fire Eater at first remained hard and cold as a piece of ice; but then, little by little, he softened and began to sneeze.
And after four or five sneezes, he opened wide his arms and said to Pinocchio:
“You are a brave boy!
Come to my arms and kiss me!”
Pinocchio ran to him and scurrying like a squirrel up the long black beard, he gave Fire Eater a loving kiss on the tip of his nose.
“Has pardon been granted to me?” asked poor Harlequin with a voice that was hardly a breath.
“Pardon is yours!” answered Fire Eater; and sighing and wagging his head, he added: “Well, tonight I shall have to eat my lamb only half cooked, but beware the next time, Marionettes.”
At the news that pardon had been given, the Marionettes ran to the stage and, turning on all the lights, they danced and sang till dawn.
CHAPTER 12 
Fire Eater gives Pinocchio five gold pieces for his father, Geppetto; but the Marionette meets a Fox and a Cat and follows them.
The next day Fire Eater called Pinocchio aside and asked him:
“What is your father’s name?”
“Geppetto.”
“And what is his trade?”
“He’s a wood carver.”
“Does he earn much?”
“He earns so much that he never has a penny in his pockets.
Just think that, in order to buy me an A-B-C book for school, he had to sell the only coat he owned, a coat so full of darns and patches that it was a pity.”
“Poor fellow!
I feel sorry for him.
Here, take these five gold pieces.
Go, give them to him with my kindest regards.”
Pinocchio, as may easily be imagined, thanked him a thousand times.
He kissed each Marionette in turn, even the officers, and, beside himself with joy, set out on his homeward journey.

The citizens of Delphi were visited with a series of calamities, until they made a public reparation of their crime; and, “The blood of Aesop”
 became a well-known adage, bearing witness to the truth that deeds of wrong would not pass unpunished.
Neither did the great fabulist lack posthumous honors; for a statue was erected to his memory at Athens, the work of Lysippus, one of the most famous of Greek sculptors.
Phaedrus thus immortalizes the event:
     Aesopo ingentem statuam posuere Attici,      Servumque collocarunt aeterna in basi:
     Patere honoris scirent ut cuncti viam;      Nec generi tribui sed virtuti gloriam.
These few facts are all that can be relied on with any degree of certainty, in reference to the birth, life, and death of Aesop.
They were first brought to light, after a patient search and diligent perusal of ancient authors, by a Frenchman, M. Claude Gaspard Bachet de Mezeriac, who declined the honor of being tutor to Louis XIII of France, from his desire to devote himself exclusively to literature.
He published his Life of Aesop, Anno Domini 1632.
The later investigations of a host of English and German scholars have added very little to the facts given by M. Mezeriac.
The substantial truth of his statements has been confirmed by later criticism and inquiry.
It remains to state, that prior to this publication of M. Mezeriac, the life of Aesop was from the pen of Maximus Planudes, a monk of Constantinople, who was sent on an embassy to Venice by the Byzantine Emperor Andronicus the elder, and who wrote in the early part of the fourteenth century.
His life was prefixed to all the early editions of these fables, and was republished as late as 1727 by Archdeacon Croxall as the introduction to his edition of Aesop.
This life by Planudes contains, however, so small an amount of truth, and is so full of absurd pictures of the grotesque deformity of Aesop, of wondrous apocryphal stories, of lying legends, and gross anachronisms, that it is now universally condemned as false, puerile, and unauthentic.
[101] It is given up in the present day, by general consent, as unworthy of the slightest credit.

It’s the three soaked biscuits ye eat for supper turning over inside of ye—nothing else.
Look to the bucket!”
“Say what ye will, shipmate; I’ve sharp ears.”
“Aye, you are the chap, ain’t ye, that heard the hum of the old Quakeress’s knitting-needles fifty miles at sea from Nantucket; you’re the chap.”
“Grin away; we’ll see what turns up.
Hark ye, Cabaco, there is somebody down in the after-hold that has not yet been seen on deck; and I suspect our old Mogul knows something of it too.
I heard Stubb tell Flask, one morning watch, that there was something of that sort in the wind.”
“Tish!
the bucket!”
CHAPTER 44.
The Chart.
Had you followed Captain Ahab down into his cabin after the squall that took place on the night succeeding that wild ratification of his purpose with his crew, you would have seen him go to a locker in the transom, and bringing out a large wrinkled roll of yellowish sea charts, spread them before him on his screwed-down table.
Then seating himself before it, you would have seen him intently study the various lines and shadings which there met his eye; and with slow but steady pencil trace additional courses over spaces that before were blank.
At intervals, he would refer to piles of old log-books beside him, wherein were set down the seasons and places in which, on various former voyages of various ships, sperm whales had been captured or seen.
While thus employed, the heavy pewter lamp suspended in chains over his head, continually rocked with the motion of the ship, and for ever threw shifting gleams and shadows of lines upon his wrinkled brow, till it almost seemed that while he himself was marking out lines and courses on the wrinkled charts, some invisible pencil was also tracing lines and courses upon the deeply marked chart of his forehead.
But it was not this night in particular that, in the solitude of his cabin, Ahab thus pondered over his charts.
Almost every night they were brought out; almost every night some pencil marks were effaced, and others were substituted.

"But ask me what you please, and I will answer to the best of my ability."
Now King Pelias meant cunningly to entrap the young man, and to make him say something that should be the cause of mischief and distraction to himself.
So, with a crafty and evil smile upon his face, he spoke as follows:
"What would you do, brave Jason," asked he, "if there were a man in the world, by whom, as you had reason to believe, you were doomed to be ruined and slain what would you do, I say, if that man stood before you, and in your power?"
When Jason saw the malice and wickedness which King Pelias could not prevent from gleaming out of his eyes, he probably guessed that the king had discovered what he came for, and that he intended to turn his own words against himself.
Still he scorned to tell a falsehood.
Like an upright and honorable prince as he was, he determined to speak out the real truth.
Since the king had chosen to ask him the question, and since Jason had promised him an answer, there was no right way save to tell him precisely what would be the most prudent thing to do, if he had his worst enemy in his power.
Therefore, after a moment's consideration, he spoke up, with a firm and manly voice.
"I would send such a man," said he, "in quest of the Golden Fleece!"
This enterprise, you will understand, was, of all others, the most difficult and dangerous in the world.
In the first place it would be necessary to make a long voyage through unknown seas.
There was hardly a hope, or a possibility, that any young man who should undertake this voyage would either succeed in obtaining the Golden Fleece, or would survive to return home, and tell of the perils he had run.

They waited there for half a day, and the food still remained warm and smoking, and at length they were so hungry that they sat down and ate, and agreed with each other that they would stay and live in that castle, and that one of them, who should be chosen by casting lots, should remain in the house, and the two others seek the King’s daughters.
They cast lots, and the lot fell on the eldest; so next day the two younger went out to seek, and the eldest had to stay home.
At mid-day came a small, small mannikin and begged for a piece of bread, then the huntsman took the bread which he had found there, and cut a round off the loaf and was about to give it to him, but whilst he was giving it to the mannikin, the latter let it fall, and asked the huntsman to be so good as to give him that piece again.
The huntsman was about to do so and stooped, on which the mannikin took a stick, seized him by the hair, and gave him a good beating.
Next day, the second stayed at home, and he fared no better.
When the two others returned in the evening, the eldest said, “Well, how have you got on?”
“Oh, very badly,” said he, and then they lamented their misfortune together, but they said nothing about it to the youngest, for they did not like him at all, and always called him Stupid Hans, because he did not exactly belong to the forest.
On the third day, the youngest stayed at home, and again the little mannikin came and begged for a piece of bread.
When the youth gave it to him, the elf let it fall as before, and asked him to be so good as to give him that piece again.
Then said Hans to the little mannikin, “What!
canst thou not pick up that piece thyself?
If thou wilt not take as much trouble as that for thy daily bread, thou dost not deserve to have it.” Then the mannikin grew very angry and said he was to do it, but the huntsman would not, and took my dear mannikin, and gave him a thorough beating.
Then the mannikin screamed terribly, and cried, “Stop, stop, and let me go, and I will tell thee where the King’s daughters are.” When Hans heard that, he left off beating him and the mannikin told him that he was an earth mannikin, and that there were more than a thousand like him, and that if he would go with him he would show him where the King’s daughters were.

said the Snipe, "why did you shoot my children after all?"
"What!
these your children!"
said the Sportsman; "why, I shot the ugliest I could find, that I did!"
"Woe is me!"
said the Snipe; "don't you know that each one thinks his own children the prettiest in the world?"
AMONG THE FOREST PEOPLE 

MR. RED SQUIRREL COMES TO LIVE IN THE FOREST 
Life in the forest is very different from life in the meadow, and the forest people have many ways of doing which are not known in the world outside.
They are a quiet people and do not often talk or sing when there are strangers near.
You could never get acquainted with them until you had learned to be quiet also, and to walk through the underbrush without snapping twigs at every step.
Then, if you were to live among them and speak their language, you would find that there are many things about which it is not polite to talk.
And there is a reason for all this.
In the meadow, although they have their quarrels and their own troubles, they always make it up again and are friendly, but in the forest there are some people who can never get along well together, and who do not go to the same parties or call upon each other.

he cried.
"Where are you taking me?"
Mr. Parker's right hand came swiftly out of ambush, and something gleamed in the sun.
"Don't move," said Mr. Parker.
The hard nozzle of a pistol pressed against John's chest.
"Keep that hand still."
John dropped his hand.
Mr. Parker leaned back, with the pistol resting easily on his knee.
The cab began to move more quickly.
John's mind was in a whirl.
His chief emotion was not fear, but disgust that he should have allowed himself to be trapped, with such absurd ease.
He blushed for himself.

At the signal, the little troop, with books under their arms, dashed across the fields.
Pinocchio led the way, running as if on wings, the others following as fast as they could.
Now and again, he looked back and, seeing his followers hot and tired, and with tongues hanging out, he laughed out heartily.
Unhappy boy!
If he had only known then the dreadful things that were to happen to him on account of his disobedience!
CHAPTER 27 
The great battle between Pinocchio and his playmates.
One is wounded.
Pinocchio is arrested.
Going like the wind, Pinocchio took but a very short time to reach the shore.
He glanced all about him, but there was no sign of a Shark.
The sea was as smooth as glass.
“Hey there, boys!

But presently something happened which seemed likely to get him into very great trouble.
A quantity of gold and many valuable jewels disappeared in the palace of the king of the country; and when the thief could not be discovered, some one told the king the story of the stolen mare, and how a man called Hari-Sarman, living in the house of a rich merchant in the chief city, had found her when everyone else had failed.
"Fetch that man here at once," ordered the king, and very soon Hari-Sarman was brought before him.
"I hear you are so wise, you can reveal all secrets," said the king.
"Now tell me immediately who has stolen the gold and jewels and where they are to be found."
Poor Hari-Sarman did not know what to say or do.
"Give me till to-morrow," he replied in a faltering voice; "I must have a little time to think."
"I will not give you a single hour," answered the king.
For seeing the man before him was frightened, he began to suspect he was a deceiver.
"If you do not at once tell me where the gold and jewels are, I will have you flogged until you find your tongue."
Hearing this, Hari-Sarman, though more terrified than ever, saw that his only chance of gaining time to make up some story was to get the king to believe in him.
So he drew himself up and answered:
"The wisest magicians need to employ means to find out the truth.

he said.
"Ask mother," said the farmer, and off we ran at once.
Mother was at the garden gate.
We ran up to her.
Jock was first, but it was nearly a dead heat.
Mother opened the gate and said, 
"Well, what have you seen to-day?"
"O mother," said Jock, out of breath.
"O mother dear" I said, out of breath also.
"Farmer has such lovely puppies," we both said at once.
"May we have one to keep?"
By this time we both had our arms round mother's waist, and she was laughing.
"Yes, we can," I said, for I knew.

Matkah used to go to sea to get things to eat, and the baby was fed only once in two days, but then he ate all he could and throve upon it.
The first thing he did was to crawl inland, and there he met tens of thousands of babies of his own age, and they played together like puppies, went to sleep on the clean sand, and played again.
The old people in the nurseries took no notice of them, and the holluschickie kept to their own grounds, and the babies had a beautiful playtime.
When Matkah came back from her deep-sea fishing she would go straight to their playground and call as a sheep calls for a lamb, and wait until she heard Kotick bleat.
Then she would take the straightest of straight lines in his direction, striking out with her fore flippers and knocking the youngsters head over heels right and left.
There were always a few hundred mothers hunting for their children through the playgrounds, and the babies were kept lively.
But, as Matkah told Kotick, “So long as you don’t lie in muddy water and get mange, or rub the hard sand into a cut or scratch, and so long as you never go swimming when there is a heavy sea, nothing will hurt you here.”
Little seals can no more swim than little children, but they are unhappy till they learn.
The first time that Kotick went down to the sea a wave carried him out beyond his depth, and his big head sank and his little hind flippers flew up exactly as his mother had told him in the song, and if the next wave had not thrown him back again he would have drowned.
After that, he learned to lie in a beach pool and let the wash of the waves just cover him and lift him up while he paddled, but he always kept his eye open for big waves that might hurt.
He was two weeks learning to use his flippers; and all that while he floundered in and out of the water, and coughed and grunted and crawled up the beach and took catnaps on the sand, and went back again, until at last he found that he truly belonged to the water.
Then you can imagine the times that he had with his companions, ducking under the rollers; or coming in on top of a comber and landing with a swash and a splutter as the big wave went whirling far up the beach; or standing up on his tail and scratching his head as the old people did; or playing “I’m the King of the Castle” on slippery, weedy rocks that just stuck out of the wash. Now and then he would see a thin fin, like a big shark’s fin, drifting along close to shore, and he knew that that was the Killer Whale, the Grampus, who eats young seals when he can get them; and Kotick would head for the beach like an arrow, and the fin would jig off slowly, as if it were looking for nothing at all.
Late in October the seals began to leave St. Paul’s for the deep sea, by families and tribes, and there was no more fighting over the nurseries, and the holluschickie played anywhere they liked.

When he could not catch deer or monkeys he would eat frogs and beetles; and when he could not catch frogs and beetles he went to his Mother Jaguar, and she told him how to eat hedgehogs and tortoises.
She said to him ever so many times, graciously waving her tail, ‘My son, when you find a Hedgehog you must drop him into the water and then he will uncoil, and when you catch a Tortoise you must scoop him out of his shell with your paw.’ And so that was all right, Best Beloved.
One beautiful night on the banks of the turbid Amazon, Painted Jaguar found Stickly-Prickly Hedgehog and Slow-Solid Tortoise sitting under the trunk of a fallen tree.
They could not run away, and so Stickly-Prickly curled himself up into a ball, because he was a Hedgehog, and Slow-Solid Tortoise drew in his head and feet into his shell as far as they would go, because he was a Tortoise; and so that was all right, Best Beloved.
Do you see?
‘Now attend to me,’ said Painted Jaguar, ‘because this is very important.
My mother said that when I meet a Hedgehog I am to drop him into the water and then he will uncoil, and when I meet a Tortoise I am to scoop him out of his shell with my paw.
Now which of you is Hedgehog and which is Tortoise?
because, to save my spots, I can’t tell.’
‘Are you sure of what your Mummy told you?’ said Stickly-Prickly Hedgehog.
‘Are you quite sure?
Perhaps she said that when you uncoil a Tortoise you must shell him out the water with a scoop, and when you paw a Hedgehog you must drop him on the shell.’
‘Are you sure of what your Mummy told you?’ said Slow-and-Solid Tortoise.
‘Are you quite sure?

What do you want of me?"
Then the farmer told the whole story, and Ram, taking pity on him, gave him a conch shell, and showed him how to blow it in a particular way, saying, "Remember!
whatever you wish for, you have only to blow the conch that way, and your wish will be fulfilled.
Only have a care of that money-lender, for even magic is not proof against their wiles!"
The farmer went back to his village rejoicing.
In fact the money-lender noticed his high spirits at once, and said to himself, "Some good fortune must have befallen the stupid fellow, to make him hold his head so jauntily."
Therefore he went over to the simple farmer's house, and congratulated him on his good fortune, in such cunning words, pretending to have heard all about it, that before long the farmer found himself telling the whole story all except the secret of blowing the conch, for, with all his simplicity, the farmer was not quite such a fool as to tell that.
Nevertheless, the money-lender determined to have the conch by hook or by crook, and as he was villain enough not to stick at trifles, he waited for a favourable opportunity and stole the conch.
But, after nearly bursting himself with blowing the conch in every conceivable way, he was obliged to give up the secret as a bad job.
However, being determined to succeed he went back to the farmer, and said, coolly, "Look here; I've got your conch, but I can't use it; you haven't got it, so it's clear you can't use it either.
Business is at a stand-still unless we make a bargain.
Now, I promise to give you back your conch, and never to interfere with your using it, on one condition, which is this, whatever you get from it, I am to get double."

At last Merry seemed to think a speech might help matters.
“Mates,” says he, “there's two of them alone there; one's the old cripple that brought us all here and blundered us down to this; the other's that cub that I mean to have the heart of.
Now, mates ”
He was raising his arm and his voice, and plainly meant to lead a charge.
But just then crack!
crack!
crack!
three musket-shots flashed out of the thicket.
Merry tumbled head foremost into the excavation; the man with the bandage spun round like a teetotum and fell all his length upon his side, where he lay dead, but still twitching; and the other three turned and ran for it with all their might.
Before you could wink, Long John had fired two barrels of a pistol into the struggling Merry, and as the man rolled up his eyes at him in the last agony, “George,” said he, “I reckon I settled you.”
At the same moment, the doctor, Gray, and Ben Gunn joined us, with smoking muskets, from among the nutmeg-trees.
“Forward!” cried the doctor.
“Double quick, my lads.
We must head 'em off the boats.”
And we set off at a great pace, sometimes plunging through the bushes to the chest.

This was not the end of his good deeds; and the last was the best of all, though it cost him his life.
He ruled for some years, and kept his kingdom in good order; for no one would kill him, when many of the other fowls were taken for Thanksgiving and Christmas dinners.
But he did die at last; and even then he was good and brave, as you shall hear.
One of the boys wanted to smoke a pipe, and went behind the hen-house, so nobody should see him do such a silly thing.
He thought he heard his father coming, and hid the pipe under the house.
Some straw and dry leaves lay about, and took fire, setting the place in a blaze; for the boy ran away when he saw the mischief he had done, and the fire got to burning nicely before the cries of the poor hens called people to help.
The door was locked, and could not be opened, because the key was in the pocket of the naughty boy; so the farmer got an axe and chopped down the wall, letting the poor biddies fly out, squawking and smoking.
"Where is Cocky?"
cried the other boy, as he counted the hens and missed the king of the farmyard.
"Burnt up, I'm afraid," said the farmer, who was throwing water on the flames.
Alas!
yes, he was: for when the fire was out they found good old Cocky sitting on a nest, with his wide wings spread over some little chicks whose mother had left them.

58 The Dog and the Sparrow 
A sheep-dog had not a good master, but, on the contrary, one who let him suffer hunger.
As he could stay no longer with him, he went quite sadly away.
On the road he met a sparrow who said, “Brother dog, why art thou so sad?” The dog replied, “I am hungry, and have nothing to eat.” Then said the sparrow, “Dear brother, come into the town with me, and I will satisfy thy hunger.” So they went into the town together, and when they came in front of a butcher’s shop the sparrow said to the dog, “Stay there, and I will pick a bit of meat down for thee,” and he alighted on the stall, looked about him to see that no one was observing him, and pecked and pulled and tore so long at a piece which lay on the edge, that it slipped down.
Then the dog seized it, ran into a corner, and devoured it.
The sparrow said, “Now come with me to another shop, and then I will get thee one more piece that thou mayst be satisfied.” When the dog had devoured the second piece as well, the sparrow asked, “Brother dog, hast thou now had enough?” “Yes, I have had meat enough,” he answered, “but I have had no bread yet.” Said the sparrow, “Thou shalt have that also, come with me.” Then he took him to a baker’s shop, and pecked at a couple of little buns till they rolled down, and as the dog wanted still more, he led him to another stall, and again got bread for him.
When that was consumed, the sparrow said, “Brother dog, hast thou now had enough?” “Yes,” he replied, “now we will walk awhile outside the town.” Then they both went out on to the highway.
It was, however, warm weather, and when they had walked a little way the dog said, “I am tired, and would like to sleep.” “Well, do sleep,” answered the sparrow, “and in the meantime I will seat myself on a branch.” So the dog lay down on the road, and fell fast asleep.
Whilst he lay sleeping there, a waggoner came driving by, who had a cart with three horses, laden with two barrels of wine.
The sparrow, however, saw that he was not going to turn aside, but was staying in the wheel track in which the dog was lying, so it cried, “Waggoner, don’t do it, or I will make thee poor.” The waggoner, however, growled to himself, “Thou wilt not make me poor,” and cracked his whip and drove the cart over the dog, and the wheels killed him.
Then the sparrow cried, “Thou hast run over my brother dog and killed him, it shall cost thee thy cart and horses.” “Cart and horses indeed!”
said the waggoner.
“What harm canst thou do me?” and drove onwards.
Then the sparrow crept under the cover of the cart, and pecked so long at the same bung-hole that he got the bung out, and then all the wine ran out without the driver noticing it.

"Well, it has only one leg, to begin with."
"Pshaw!"
"Wheel, I mean.
And it has four cow-catchers, and four head-lights, and two boilers, and eight whistles, and it just goes whirling and screeching along.
Of course it wobbles awfully; and as it's only got one wheel, it has to keep skipping from one track to the other."
"I should think it would run on the cross-ties," said the boy.
"Oh, very well, then!"
said the papa.
"If you know so much more about it than I do!
Who's telling this story, anyway?
Now I shall have to go back to the beginning.
Once there was a little Pony En "
They both put their hands over his mouth, and just fairly begged him to go on, and at last he did.

“She is so calm; nothing rouses her though wet hens are not always calm!
Oh!
I can’t understand it!” Her eldest daughter inspired Lizabetha with a kind of puzzled compassion.
She did not feel this in Aglaya’s case, though the latter was her idol.
It may be said that these outbursts and epithets, such as “wet hen” (in which the maternal solicitude usually showed itself), only made Alexandra laugh.
Sometimes the most trivial thing annoyed Mrs.
Epanchin, and drove her into a frenzy.
For instance, Alexandra Ivanovna liked to sleep late, and was always dreaming, though her dreams had the peculiarity of being as innocent and naive as those of a child of seven; and the very innocence of her dreams annoyed her mother.
Once she dreamt of nine hens, and this was the cause of quite a serious quarrel no one knew why.
Another time she had it was most unusual a dream with a spark of originality in it.
She dreamt of a monk in a dark room, into which she was too frightened to go.
Adelaida and Aglaya rushed off with shrieks of laughter to relate this to their mother, but she was quite angry, and said her daughters were all fools.
“H’m!

Sara slowly moved away from the door and simply sat down and looked and looked again.
"It is exactly like something fairy come true," she said.
"There isn't the least difference.
I feel as if I might wish for anything diamonds or bags of gold and they would appear!
THAT wouldn't be any stranger than this.
Is this my garret?
Am I the same cold, ragged, damp Sara?
And to think I used to pretend and pretend and wish there were fairies!
The one thing I always wanted was to see a fairy story come true.
I am LIVING in a fairy story.
I feel as if I might be a fairy myself, and able to turn things into anything else."
She rose and knocked upon the wall for the prisoner in the next cell, and the prisoner came.

"This is the fault of your wretched sister," the unhappy mother cried.
She ran to beat the poor younger sister, who fled to the forest to escape the cruel blows.
When she was past pursuit, she threw herself upon the green grass and wept bitterly.
The King's son, returning from the hunt, found her thus, and asked the cause of her tears.
"My mother has driven me from my home," she told him.
She was so pretty that he fell in love with her at once, and pressed her to tell him more.
She then related to him the whole story, while pearls and diamonds kept falling from her lips.
Enraptured, he took her to the King, who gave his consent to their immediate marriage.
Meanwhile the ugly and selfish sister had made herself so disagreeable that even her own mother turned against her.
She, too, was driven forth into the forest, where she died miserable and alone.
ENGLISH STORIES 
 
THE HISTORY OF TOM THUMB 
ADAPTED BY ERNEST RHYS 
It is said that in the days of the famed Prince Arthur, who was king of Britain, in the year 516 there lived a great magician, called Merlin, the most learned and skilful enchanter in the world at that time.
This great magician, who could assume any form he pleased, was traveling in the disguise of a poor beggar, and being very much fatigued, he stopped at the cottage of an honest plowman to rest himself, and ask for some refreshment.

Second Councilman.
I'm sure my head aches trying to think.
Third Councilman.
I've wondered and thought, till I've no thoughts left.
Mayor.
Oh!
if I only had a great big trap!
Yes, a thousand big traps!
Bless us, what noise is that?
Is it a rat?
Come in!
[Enter Piper.]

Four or five minutes afterwards the sitting-room window will open.
You are to station yourself close to that open window.”
“Yes.”
“You are to watch me, for I will be visible to you.”
“Yes.”
“And when I raise my hand—so—you will throw into the room what I give you to throw, and will, at the same time, raise the cry of fire.
You quite follow me?”
“Entirely.”
“It is nothing very formidable,” he said, taking a long cigar-shaped roll from his pocket.
“It is an ordinary plumber’s smoke-rocket, fitted with a cap at either end to make it self-lighting.
Your task is confined to that.
When you raise your cry of fire, it will be taken up by quite a number of people.
You may then walk to the end of the street, and I will rejoin you in ten minutes.
I hope that I have made myself clear?”
“I am to remain neutral, to get near the window, to watch you, and at the signal to throw in this object, then to raise the cry of fire, and to wait you at the corner of the street.”
“Precisely.”
“Then you may entirely rely on me.”
“That is excellent.
I think, perhaps, it is almost time that I prepare for the new role I have to play.”
He disappeared into his bedroom and returned in a few minutes in the character of an amiable and simple-minded Nonconformist clergyman.
His broad black hat, his baggy trousers, his white tie, his sympathetic smile, and general look of peering and benevolent curiosity were such as Mr. John Hare alone could have equalled.
It was not merely that Holmes changed his costume.
His expression, his manner, his very soul seemed to vary with every fresh part that he assumed.

Come, tell me the story.
Mayhap I can help thee.
The Knight.
I am Sir Richard of Lea, and my ancestors have been knights for a hundred years.
A year ago I had plenty of money to spend as I would.
But now I have nothing for my wife and my children, who weep for my absence from them.
Robin Hood.
But how did you lose all your money?
The Knight.
Perhaps you will think I lost it in a foolish way.
My son, whom I dearly love, is a manly youth.
Well can he shoot and joust fairly in the field.

My name is Sadamitsu, and I am a vassal of the powerful Lord Minamoto-no-Raiko.
He ordered me to go round the country and look for boys who give promise of remarkable strength, so that they may be trained as soldiers for his army.
I thought that I could best do this by assuming the disguise of a woodcutter.
By good fortune, I have thus unexpectedly come across your son.
Now if you really wish him to be a SAMURAI (a knight), I will take him and present him to the Lord Raiko as a candidate for his service.
What do you say to this?"
As the kind general gradually unfolded his plan the mother's heart was filled with a great joy.
She saw that here was a wonderful chance of the one wish of her life being fulfilled that of seeing Kintaro a SAMURAI before she died.
Bowing her head to the ground, she replied:
"I will then intrust my son to you if you really mean what you say."
Kintaro had all this time been sitting by his mother's side listening to what they said.
When his mother finished speaking, he exclaimed:
"Oh, joy!
joy!

Oh, it is so dreadfully still in there!’
“‘Only that?’ said he, looking at me keenly.
“‘Why, what did you think?’ I asked.
“‘Why do you think that I lock this door?’
“‘I am sure that I do not know.’
“‘It is to keep people out who have no business there.
Do you see?’ He was still smiling in the most amiable manner.
“‘I am sure if I had known—’
“‘Well, then, you know now.
And if you ever put your foot over that threshold again’—here in an instant the smile hardened into a grin of rage, and he glared down at me with the face of a demon—‘I’ll throw you to the mastiff.’
“I was so terrified that I do not know what I did.
I suppose that I must have rushed past him into my room.
I remember nothing until I found myself lying on my bed trembling all over.
Then I thought of you, Mr. Holmes.
I could not live there longer without some advice.
I was frightened of the house, of the man, of the woman, of the servants, even of the child.
They were all horrible to me.

Once a week Jane's nurse had her evening off; and then it was Wendy's part to put Jane to bed.
That was the time for stories.
It was Jane's invention to raise the sheet over her mother's head and her own, thus making a tent, and in the awful darkness to whisper:
“What do we see now?”
“I don't think I see anything to-night,” says Wendy, with a feeling that if Nana were here she would object to further conversation.
“Yes, you do,” says Jane, “you see when you were a little girl.”
“That is a long time ago, sweetheart,” says Wendy.
“Ah me, how time flies!”
“Does it fly,” asks the artful child, “the way you flew when you were a little girl?”
“The way I flew?
Do you know, Jane, I sometimes wonder whether I ever did really fly.”
“Yes, you did.”
“The dear old days when I could fly!”
“Why can't you fly now, mother?”
“Because I am grown up, dearest.
When people grow up they forget the way.”
“Why do they forget the way?”
“Because they are no longer gay and innocent and heartless.
It is only the gay and innocent and heartless who can fly.”
“What is gay and innocent and heartless?
I do wish I were gay and innocent and heartless.”
Or perhaps Wendy admits she does see something.
“I do believe,” she says, “that it is this nursery.”
“I do believe it is,” says Jane.
“Go on.”
They are now embarked on the great adventure of the night when Peter flew in looking for his shadow.
“The foolish fellow,” says Wendy, “tried to stick it on with soap, and when he could not he cried, and that woke me, and I sewed it on for him.”
“You have missed a bit,” interrupts Jane, who now knows the story better than her mother.

"I should think you would prefer to live nearer the village of Pineville," remarked Dorothy.
"It must be very lonesome here in this deep pine forest."
"Oho!
That shows how unobserving you mortals are!"
exclaimed the red squirrel.
"My family and I wouldn't think of living anywhere but here, no matter how lonely it is.
Know why?"
"No, I must say I don't," confessed the girl.
"Look at my tree look at my tree!"
chattered the squirrel, flirting his big bushy tail in the direction of the tree from which he had appeared.
"Of course!"
chuckled the Wizard.

However, concluding that Quicksilver knew better than himself, he immediately set to work, and scrubbed the shield with so much diligence and good-will, that it very quickly shone like the moon at harvest-time.
Quicksilver looked at it with a smile, and nodded his approbation.
Then, taking off his own short and crooked sword, he girded it about Perseus, instead of the one which he had before worn.
"No sword but mine will answer your purpose," observed he; "the blade has a most excellent temper, and will cut through iron and brass as easily as through the slenderest twig.
And now we will set out.
The next thing is to find the Three Gray Women, who will tell us where to find the Nymphs."
"The Three Gray Women!"
cried Perseus, to whom this seemed only a new difficulty in the path of his adventure; "pray who may the Three Gray Women be?
I never heard of them before."
"They are three very strange old ladies," said Quicksilver, laughing.
"They have but one eye among them, and only one tooth.
Moreover, you must find them out by starlight, or in the dusk of the evening; for they never show themselves by the light either of the sun or moon."

And every heart was uplifted and calm as they joined in the "Amen."
John's story was quickly told.
Their decimated regiment was disbanded, to be reformed of fresh recruits, and a long furlough given to the faithful but exhausted remnant.
They had left at once for home, and their shortest route lay through Litchfield.
Night was near when they reached the town, but they must needs stop to get one glimpse of Sylvy and tidings from home, for fear lay upon them lest there might be trouble there which they knew not of.
So they burst in upon the wedding.
But Master Loomis began to look uneasy.
Old Dorcas had slipped out, to save the imperilled dinner, and Pokey, the maid (née Pocahontas!)
could be heard clinking glass and silver and pushing about chairs; but the happy family were still absorbed in each other.
"Mister Everett!"
said the madam, with dignity, and the little minister trotted rapturously over to her chair to receive certain low orders.
"Yes, verily, yes h-m!

“Clumsy fellows,” said I; “they must still be drunk as owls.” And I thought how Captain Smollett would have set them skipping.
Meanwhile the schooner gradually fell off and filled again upon another tack, sailed swiftly for a minute or so, and brought up once more dead in the wind's eye.
Again and again was this repeated.
To and fro, up and down, north, south, east, and west, the HISPANIOLA sailed by swoops and dashes, and at each repetition ended as she had begun, with idly flapping canvas.
It became plain to me that nobody was steering.
And if so, where were the men?
Either they were dead drunk or had deserted her, I thought, and perhaps if I could get on board I might return the vessel to her captain.
The current was bearing coracle and schooner southward at an equal rate.
As for the latter's sailing, it was so wild and intermittent, and she hung each time so long in irons, that she certainly gained nothing, if she did not even lose.
If only I dared to sit up and paddle, I made sure that I could overhaul her.
The scheme had an air of adventure that inspired me, and the thought of the water breaker beside the fore companion doubled my growing courage.
Up I got, was welcomed almost instantly by another cloud of spray, but this time stuck to my purpose and set myself, with all my strength and caution, to paddle after the unsteered HISPANIOLA.

There were many things to make her so.
In the tree were thousands of cells made ready for her eggs, and she had been busy for days putting one in each.
In the larger cells she laid eggs that would hatch out Drones, and in the smaller ones she laid Worker eggs.
She never laid any Queen eggs.
Perhaps she did not want any Queens among her children, for there can never be two Queens in one swarm, and when a new one is hatched, the Queen-Mother has to go away and find another home.
That is a law among the Bees.
The Workers, however, knew that there must be young Queens growing up all the time.
Supposing something should happen to the Queen-Mother, what would become of the swarm if there were nobody to lay eggs?
So after she had laid several thousand Worker eggs, and it was time for the young ones to hatch, they decided to change some of the babies into young Queens.
And this was easy enough.
When they were out for honey, they filled the pockets on their hind legs with pollen, the yellow dust that is found in flowers.
This was to be mixed with honey and water and made into bread for the babies, who were now awake, and looked like tiny white worms in the bottom of their cells.

“Of course, in your position of unofficial adviser and helper to everybody who is absolutely puzzled, throughout three continents, you are brought in contact with all that is strange and bizarre.
But here”—I picked up the morning paper from the ground—“let us put it to a practical test.
Here is the first heading upon which I come.
‘A husband’s cruelty to his wife.’ There is half a column of print, but I know without reading it that it is all perfectly familiar to me.
There is, of course, the other woman, the drink, the push, the blow, the bruise, the sympathetic sister or landlady.
The crudest of writers could invent nothing more crude.”
“Indeed, your example is an unfortunate one for your argument,” said Holmes, taking the paper and glancing his eye down it.
“This is the Dundas separation case, and, as it happens, I was engaged in clearing up some small points in connection with it.
The husband was a teetotaler, there was no other woman, and the conduct complained of was that he had drifted into the habit of winding up every meal by taking out his false teeth and hurling them at his wife, which, you will allow, is not an action likely to occur to the imagination of the average story-teller.
Take a pinch of snuff, Doctor, and acknowledge that I have scored over you in your example.”
He held out his snuffbox of old gold, with a great amethyst in the centre of the lid.
Its splendour was in such contrast to his homely ways and simple life that I could not help commenting upon it.
“Ah,” said he, “I forgot that I had not seen you for some weeks.
It is a little souvenir from the King of Bohemia in return for my assistance in the case of the Irene Adler papers.”
“And the ring?” I asked, glancing at a remarkable brilliant which sparkled upon his finger.

Two-eyes now awakened One-eye, and said, “One-eye, you want to take care of the goat, and go to sleep while you are doing it, and in the meantime the goat might run all over the world.
Come, let us go home again.” So they went home, and again Two-eyes let her little dish stand untouched, and One-eye could not tell her mother why she would not eat it, and to excuse herself said, “I fell asleep when I was out.”
Next day the mother said to Three-eyes, “This time thou shalt go and observe if Two-eyes eats anything when she is out, and if any one fetches her food and drink, for she must eat and drink in secret.” So Three-eyes went to Two-eyes, and said, “I will go with you and see if the goat is taken proper care of, and driven where there is food.” But Two-eyes knew what was in Three-eyes’ mind, and drove the goat into high grass and said, “We will sit down, and I will sing something to you, Three-eyes.” Three-eyes sat down and was tired with the walk and with the heat of the sun, and Two-eyes began the same song as before, and sang, 
“Three eyes, are you waking?”
but then, instead of singing, 
“Three eyes, are you sleeping?”
as she ought to have done, she thoughtlessly sang, 
“Two eyes, are you sleeping?”
and sang all the time, 
“Three eyes, are you waking?
Two eyes, are you sleeping?”
Then two of the eyes which Three-eyes had, shut and fell asleep, but the third, as it had not been named in the song, did not sleep.
It is true that Three-eyes shut it, but only in her cunning, to pretend it was asleep too, but it blinked, and could see everything very well.
And when Two-eyes thought that Three-eyes was fast asleep, she used her little charm, 
“Bleat, my little goat, bleat, Cover the table with something to eat,”
and ate and drank as much as her heart desired, and then ordered the table to go away again, 
“Bleat, bleat, my little goat, I pray, And take the table quite away,”
and Three-eyes had seen everything.
Then Two-eyes came to her, waked her and said, “Have you been asleep, Three-eyes?
You are a good care-taker!
Come, we will go home.” And when they got home, Two-eyes again did not eat, and Three-eyes said to the mother, “Now, I know why that high-minded thing there does not eat.
When she is out, she says to the goat, 
“Bleat, my little goat, bleat, Cover the table with something to eat,”
and then a little table appears before her covered with the best of food, much better than any we have here, and when she has eaten all she wants, she says, 
“Bleat, bleat, my little goat, I pray, And take the table quite away,”
and all disappears.
I watched everything closely.
She put two of my eyes to sleep by using a certain form of words, but luckily the one in my forehead kept awake.” Then the envious mother cried, “Dost thou want to fare better than we do?
The desire shall pass away,” and she fetched a butcher’s knife, and thrust it into the heart of the goat, which fell down dead.

And, while I'm there, here's what I want you to do."
"Shall I go for de cops, boss?"
"No, not the cops.
Do you know where Dude Dawson lives?"
The light of intelligence began to shine in Master Maloney's face.
His eye glistened with approval.
This was strategy of the right sort.
"I can ask around," he said.
"I'll soon find him all right."
"Do, and as quick as you can.
And when you've found him tell him that his old chum, Spider Reilly, is here, with the rest of his crowd.
And now I'd better be getting up on to my perch.

She knew she need not hesitate to use the little piece of money.
It had evidently been lying in the mud for some time, and its owner was completely lost in the stream of passing people who crowded and jostled each other all day long.
"But I'll go and ask the baker woman if she has lost anything," she said to herself, rather faintly.
So she crossed the pavement and put her wet foot on the step.
As she did so she saw something that made her stop.
It was a little figure more forlorn even than herself a little figure which was not much more than a bundle of rags, from which small, bare, red muddy feet peeped out, only because the rags with which their owner was trying to cover them were not long enough.
Above the rags appeared a shock head of tangled hair, and a dirty face with big, hollow, hungry eyes.
Sara knew they were hungry eyes the moment she saw them, and she felt a sudden sympathy.
"This," she said to herself, with a little sigh, "is one of the populace and she is hungrier than I am."
The child this "one of the populace" stared up at Sara, and shuffled herself aside a little, so as to give her room to pass.
She was used to being made to give room to everybody.
She knew that if a policeman chanced to see her he would tell her to "move on."

he shouted.
"Come in!
Come in!
You're the folks we are waiting for!
Eat?
Why, goodness gra-cious!
We've got so much to eat we don't know what to do with it."
He had them in chairs in a moment and was piling steaming roast turkey on their plates.
"There!"
he said, "don't you say another word till you have filled up on that.
Folks" and he returned to the others "here's two friends that have come to stay a week with us and help eat turkey.
Fall to!

Don't laugh, Jo, gentlemen really are very necessary aboard ship, to hold on to, or to wait upon one, and as they have nothing to do, it's a mercy to make them useful, otherwise they would smoke themselves to death, I'm afraid.
Aunt and Flo were poorly all the way, and liked to be let alone, so when I had done what I could for them, I went and enjoyed myself.
Such walks on deck, such sunsets, such splendid air and waves!
It was almost as exciting as riding a fast horse, when we went rushing on so grandly.
I wish Beth could have come, it would have done her so much good.
As for Jo, she would have gone up and sat on the maintop jib, or whatever the high thing is called, made friends with the engineers, and tooted on the captain's speaking trumpet, she'd have been in such a state of rapture.
It was all heavenly, but I was glad to see the Irish coast, and found it very lovely, so green and sunny, with brown cabins here and there, ruins on some of the hills, and gentlemen's countryseats in the valleys, with deer feeding in the parks.
It was early in the morning, but I didn't regret getting up to see it, for the bay was full of little boats, the shore so picturesque, and a rosy sky overhead.
I never shall forget it.
At Queenstown one of my new acquaintances left us, Mr. Lennox, and when I said something about the Lakes of Killarney, he sighed, and sung, with a look at me...
    "Oh, have you e'er heard of Kate Kearney?
She lives on the banks of Killarney;     From the glance of her eye,     Shun danger and fly,     For fatal's the glance of Kate Kearney."
Wasn't that nonsensical?

How much?"
The auctioneer looked around; there were no bidders.
At last he caught the eye of Monsieur Poopoo.
"Did you say one hundred, sir?
Beautiful lots valuable water privileges shall I say one hundred for you?"
"Oui, monsieur; I will give you von hundred dollar apiece, for de lot vid de valuarble vatare privalege; c'est ça."
"Only one hundred apiece for these sixty valuable lots only one hundred going going going gone!"
Monsieur Poopoo was the fortunate possessor.
The auctioneer congratulated him the sale closed and the company dispersed.
"Pardonnez-moi, monsieur," said Poopoo, as the auctioneer descended his pedestal, "you shall excusez-moi, if I shall go to votre bureau, your counting-house, ver quick to make every ting sure wid respec to de lot vid de valuarble vatare privalege.
Von leetle bird in de hand he vorth two in de tree, c'est vrai eh?"
"Certainly, sir."

But Fanny did not stop like Red Riding Hood to pick hazel nuts.
She went straight on her way, and did not see any wolf.
Even when quite a long way off, she could see her grandmother seated on her stone doorstep, the dear grandmother who smiled with her toothless mouth and opened her old arms thin as grape vines to welcome her little granddaughter.
Fanny's heart was filled with delight at the prospect of spending a whole day at her grandmother's.
And her grandmother, having no longer any cares or tasks, but living like a cricket near the fire, is happy too to see the little daughter of her son, a sweet reminder of her youth.
They have many things to say to each other, for one of them is at the end of life's voyage and the other is just setting out upon it.
"You grow bigger every day, Fanny," says her grandmother, "and I am getting littler.
Just look!
I need hardly stoop to press my lips to your forehead.
What difference does it make how old I am when I still have youth's roses in your cheeks, Little Fanny."
But Fanny is exploring for the hundredth time, with new joy, all the curious things in the little house the paper flowers blooming beneath the glass globe, the old paintings of French generals in fine uniforms overthrowing their enemies, the gold cups, some with handles and some without, and grandfather's old gun which hangs on the chimney breast on a nail from which grandfather himself fastened it for the last time, thirty years ago.
But the hours pass and the first thing one knows it's time to get ready for the noonday dinner.

"And will you stay with us," asked Epimetheus, "forever and ever?"
"As long as you need me," said Hope, "and that will be as long as you live in the world.
I promise never to desert you."
So Pandora and Epimetheus found Hope, and so has everybody else who has trusted her since that day.
The Troubles are still flying around the world, but we have that lovely and lightsome fairy, Hope, to cure their stings and make the world new for us.
WHAT BECAME OF THE GIANTS 
The giants had decided to invade Mount Olympus.
They thought they could easily do this, for there were none of the gods who could hurt them; the giants were proof against all their weapons.
They believed that this wonderful place among the clouds was theirs by right just because they were larger and stronger than the heroes.
If the gods refused to give up their abode with its palaces, the gilded car of day, its stores of food such as had never been tasted by mortals and its weapons, the thunder and lightning, the giants were going to destroy the Mount.
That would have been a pity, for with Mount Olympus would go some of the most beautiful foundations the world has ever known.
There was one of the gods, Apollo, who held the light of the whole universe in his right hand.
It was not only that of the sun, but the light that shone in the hearts of the Greeks and made life brighter when they had wisdom, and knew truth, and could appreciate beauty.

Elinor was grateful for the attention, but it could not alter her design; and their mother's concurrence being readily gained, every thing relative to their return was arranged as far as it could be; and Marianne found some relief in drawing up a statement of the hours that were yet to divide her from Barton.
"Ah!
Colonel, I do not know what you and I shall do without the Miss Dashwoods;" was Mrs. Jennings's address to him when he first called on her, after their leaving her was settled "for they are quite resolved upon going home from the Palmers; and how forlorn we shall be, when I come back!
Lord!
we shall sit and gape at one another as dull as two cats."
Perhaps Mrs. Jennings was in hopes, by this vigorous sketch of their future ennui, to provoke him to make that offer, which might give himself an escape from it; and if so, she had soon afterwards good reason to think her object gained; for, on Elinor's moving to the window to take more expeditiously the dimensions of a print, which she was going to copy for her friend, he followed her to it with a look of particular meaning, and conversed with her there for several minutes.
The effect of his discourse on the lady too, could not escape her observation, for though she was too honorable to listen, and had even changed her seat, on purpose that she might NOT hear, to one close by the piano forte on which Marianne was playing, she could not keep herself from seeing that Elinor changed colour, attended with agitation, and was too intent on what he said to pursue her employment.
Still farther in confirmation of her hopes, in the interval of Marianne's turning from one lesson to another, some words of the Colonel's inevitably reached her ear, in which he seemed to be apologising for the badness of his house.
This set the matter beyond a doubt.
She wondered, indeed, at his thinking it necessary to do so; but supposed it to be the proper etiquette.
What Elinor said in reply she could not distinguish, but judged from the motion of her lips, that she did not think THAT any material objection; and Mrs. Jennings commended her in her heart for being so honest.
They then talked on for a few minutes longer without her catching a syllable, when another lucky stop in Marianne's performance brought her these words in the Colonel's calm voice, 
"I am afraid it cannot take place very soon."

Thus, the sperm whale and the humpbacked whale, each has a hump; but there the similitude ceases.
Then, this same humpbacked whale and the Greenland whale, each of these has baleen; but there again the similitude ceases.
And it is just the same with the other parts above mentioned.
In various sorts of whales, they form such irregular combinations; or, in the case of any one of them detached, such an irregular isolation; as utterly to defy all general methodization formed upon such a basis.
On this rock every one of the whale-naturalists has split.
But it may possibly be conceived that, in the internal parts of the whale, in his anatomy—there, at least, we shall be able to hit the right classification.
Nay; what thing, for example, is there in the Greenland whale’s anatomy more striking than his baleen?
Yet we have seen that by his baleen it is impossible correctly to classify the Greenland whale.
And if you descend into the bowels of the various leviathans, why there you will not find distinctions a fiftieth part as available to the systematizer as those external ones already enumerated.
What then remains?
nothing but to take hold of the whales bodily, in their entire liberal volume, and boldly sort them that way.
And this is the Bibliographical system here adopted; and it is the only one that can possibly succeed, for it alone is practicable.

There was no drainage to carry off the wine, and not only did it all get taken up, but so much mud got taken up along with it, that there might have been a scavenger in the street, if anybody acquainted with it could have believed in such a miraculous presence.
A shrill sound of laughter and of amused voices voices of men, women, and children resounded in the street while this wine game lasted.
There was little roughness in the sport, and much playfulness.
There was a special companionship in it, an observable inclination on the part of every one to join some other one, which led, especially among the luckier or lighter-hearted, to frolicsome embraces, drinking of healths, shaking of hands, and even joining of hands and dancing, a dozen together.
When the wine was gone, and the places where it had been most abundant were raked into a gridiron-pattern by fingers, these demonstrations ceased, as suddenly as they had broken out.
The man who had left his saw sticking in the firewood he was cutting, set it in motion again; the women who had left on a door-step the little pot of hot ashes, at which she had been trying to soften the pain in her own starved fingers and toes, or in those of her child, returned to it; men with bare arms, matted locks, and cadaverous faces, who had emerged into the winter light from cellars, moved away, to descend again; and a gloom gathered on the scene that appeared more natural to it than sunshine.
The wine was red wine, and had stained the ground of the narrow street in the suburb of Saint Antoine, in Paris, where it was spilled.
It had stained many hands, too, and many faces, and many naked feet, and many wooden shoes.
The hands of the man who sawed the wood, left red marks on the billets; and the forehead of the woman who nursed her baby, was stained with the stain of the old rag she wound about her head again.
Those who had been greedy with the staves of the cask, had acquired a tigerish smear about the mouth; and one tall joker so besmirched, his head more out of a long squalid bag of a nightcap than in it, scrawled upon a wall with his finger dipped in muddy wine-lees BLOOD.
The time was to come, when that wine too would be spilled on the street-stones, and when the stain of it would be red upon many there.
And now that the cloud settled on Saint Antoine, which a momentary gleam had driven from his sacred countenance, the darkness of it was heavy cold, dirt, sickness, ignorance, and want, were the lords in waiting on the saintly presence nobles of great power all of them; but, most especially the last.

"At you," said Edmund, and went on laughing.
The dragon bore it as long as she could, but, like everyone else, she couldn't stand being made fun of, so presently she dragged herself up the mountain very slowly, because she had just had a rather heavy meal, and stood outside and said, "What are you laughing at?"
in a voice that made Edmund feel as if he should never laugh again.
Then the good cockatrice called out: "At you!
You've eaten your own drakling swallowed it with the town.
Your own little drakling!
He, he, he!
Ha, ha, ha!"
And Edmund found the courage to cry "Ha, ha!"
which sounded like tremendous laughter in the echo of the cave.
"Dear me," said the dragon.
"I thought the town stuck in my throat rather.

“He will have good hunting after his own fashion.”
“But what was the meaning of it all?” said Mowgli, who did not know anything of a python’s powers of fascination.
“I saw no more than a big snake making foolish circles till the dark came.
And his nose was all sore.
Ho!
Ho!”
“Mowgli,” said Bagheera angrily, “his nose was sore on thy account, as my ears and sides and paws, and Baloo’s neck and shoulders are bitten on thy account.
Neither Baloo nor Bagheera will be able to hunt with pleasure for many days.”
“It is nothing,” said Baloo; “we have the man-cub again.”
“True, but he has cost us heavily in time which might have been spent in good hunting, in wounds, in hair I am half plucked along my back and last of all, in honor.
For, remember, Mowgli, I, who am the Black Panther, was forced to call upon Kaa for protection, and Baloo and I were both made stupid as little birds by the Hunger Dance.
All this, man-cub, came of thy playing with the Bandar-log.”
“True, it is true,” said Mowgli sorrowfully.
“I am an evil man-cub, and my stomach is sad in me.”
“Mf!
What says the Law of the Jungle, Baloo?”
Baloo did not wish to bring Mowgli into any more trouble, but he could not tamper with the Law, so he mumbled: “Sorrow never stays punishment.
But remember, Bagheera, he is very little.”
“I will remember.
But he has done mischief, and blows must be dealt now.

I I think  "
He seemed to have a bit of a struggle with himself.
"I I think that, on the whole, it would be best if you returned with me to England.
I I might in fact, I think I see my way to doing to I might be able to utilize your services in some secretarial position."
"I shouldn't mind that."
"I should not be able to offer you a salary, but, as you know, in English political life the unpaid secretary is a recognized figure  "
"The only figure I'll recognize," said Bicky firmly, "is five hundred quid a year, paid quarterly."
"My dear boy!"
"Absolutely!"
"But your recompense, my dear Francis, would consist in the unrivalled opportunities you would have, as my secretary, to gain experience, to accustom yourself to the intricacies of political life, to in fact, you would be in an exceedingly advantageous position."
"Five hundred a year!"
said Bicky, rolling it round his tongue.
"Why, that would be nothing to what I could make if I started a chicken farm.
It stands to reason.

When men have no knowledge whatsoever of the danger they run, they are liable to do the most foolhardy thing imaginable and come out of it safely—to the utter astonishment of all old timers.
Here is a striking example of that, which happened a few years ago:
We were forging ahead through the ice of Hudson Straits on an auxiliary schooner.
There were on board a lot of “Husky” dogs which we were transferring from one trading station to another.
One morning the man in the crow’s nest saw a small herd of walrus asleep on the ice.
Creeping up slowly, we got up to a hundred yards from them before they took any notice of the ship.
The meat was needed for the dogs.
Firing a volley, we killed two of the huge animals outright.
The rest of the herd dived and scattered.
Manoeuvring alongside the pan, we put one man of the crew overboard to rope the carcasses to be hoisted on deck with the winch.
It happened that the sailor who went over the side was an Italian who had never been in the North.
He was very keen and excited.
While he was busy tying a rope round each animal’s head under the tusks, a big bull walrus, which had probably been wounded in the body a few minutes before, suddenly came up to the surface beside the pan.

Clinging to a spar with one hand, some reached forth the other with impatient wavings; others, shading their eyes from the vivid sunlight, sat far out on the rocking yards; all the spars in full bearing of mortals, ready and ripe for their fate.
Ah!
how they still strove through that infinite blueness to seek out the thing that might destroy them!
“Why sing ye not out for him, if ye see him?” cried Ahab, when, after the lapse of some minutes since the first cry, no more had been heard.
“Sway me up, men; ye have been deceived; not Moby Dick casts one odd jet that way, and then disappears.”
It was even so; in their headlong eagerness, the men had mistaken some other thing for the whale-spout, as the event itself soon proved; for hardly had Ahab reached his perch; hardly was the rope belayed to its pin on deck, when he struck the key-note to an orchestra, that made the air vibrate as with the combined discharges of rifles.
The triumphant halloo of thirty buckskin lungs was heard, as—much nearer to the ship than the place of the imaginary jet, less than a mile ahead—Moby Dick bodily burst into view!
For not by any calm and indolent spoutings; not by the peaceable gush of that mystic fountain in his head, did the White Whale now reveal his vicinity; but by the far more wondrous phenomenon of breaching.
Rising with his utmost velocity from the furthest depths, the Sperm Whale thus booms his entire bulk into the pure element of air, and piling up a mountain of dazzling foam, shows his place to the distance of seven miles and more.
In those moments, the torn, enraged waves he shakes off, seem his mane; in some cases, this breaching is his act of defiance.
“There she breaches!
there she breaches!” was the cry, as in his immeasurable bravadoes the White Whale tossed himself salmon-like to Heaven.
So suddenly seen in the blue plain of the sea, and relieved against the still bluer margin of the sky, the spray that he raised, for the moment, intolerably glittered and glared like a glacier; and stood there gradually fading and fading away from its first sparkling intensity, to the dim mistiness of an advancing shower in a vale.

The last codicil was dated immediately after the separation with Lady Monmouth.
All dispositions in favour of Coningsby were revoked, and he was left with the interest of the original £10,000, the executors to invest the money as they thought best for his advancement, provided it were not placed in any manufactory.
Mr. Rigby received £5,000, M. Villebecque £30,000, and all the rest, residue and remainder, to Flora, commonly called Flora Villebecque, step-child of Armand Villebecque, "but who is my natural daughter by an actress at the Théâtre Français in the years 1811-15, by the name of Stella."
Sidonia lightened the blow for Coningsby as far as philosophy could be of use.
"I ask you," he said, "which would you have rather lost your grandfather's inheritance or your right leg?"
"Most certainly my inheritance."
"Or your left arm?"
"Still the inheritance."
"Would you have given up a year of your life for that fortune trebled?"
"Even at twenty-three I would have refused the terms."
"Come, then, Coningsby, the calamity cannot be very great.
You have health, youth, good looks, great abilities, considerable knowledge, a fine courage, and no contemptible experience.

The two winged youths blustered terribly at the Harpies (for they had the rough temper of their father), and so frightened them with their drawn swords, that they solemnly promised never to trouble King Phineus again.
Then the Argonauts sailed onward and met with many other marvelous incidents, any one of which would make a story by itself.
At one time they landed on an island, and were reposing on the grass, when they suddenly found themselves assailed by what seemed a shower of steel-headed arrows.
Some of them stuck in the ground, while others hit against their shields, and several penetrated their flesh.
The fifty heroes started up, and looked about them for the hidden enemy, but could find none, nor see any spot, on the whole island, where even a single archer could lie concealed.
Still, however, the steel-headed arrows came whizzing among them; and, at last, happening to look upward, they beheld a large flock of birds, hovering and wheeling aloft, and shooting their feathers down upon the Argonauts.
These feathers were the steel-headed arrows that had so tormented them.
There was no possibility of making any resistance; and the fifty heroic Argonauts might all have been killed or wounded by a flock of troublesome birds, without ever setting eyes on the Golden Fleece, if Jason had not thought of asking the advice of the oaken image.
So he ran to the galley as fast as his legs would carry him.
"O, daughter of the Speaking Oak," cried he, all out of breath, "we need your wisdom more than ever before!
We are in great peril from a flock of birds, who are shooting us with their steel-pointed feathers.
What can we do to drive them away?"

So it was now.
The eyes of the two old people were filled with tears and their voices trembled as they said:
"Go with all care and speed.
We expect you back victorious!"
Momotaro was very sorry to leave his old parents (though he knew he was coming back as soon as he could), for he thought of how lonely they would be while he was away.
But he said "Good-by!"
quite bravely.
"I am going now.
Take good care of yourselves while I am away.
Good-by!"
And he stepped quickly out of the house.
In silence the eyes of Momotaro and his parents met in farewell.
Momotaro now hurried on his way till it was midday.

An excellent breakfast was provided for mice accustomed to eat bacon; but Timmy Willie had been reared on roots and salad.
Johnny Town-mouse and his friends racketted about under the floors, and came boldly out all over the house in the evening.
One particularly loud crash had been caused by Sarah tumbling downstairs with the tea-tray; there were crumbs and sugar and smears of jam to be collected, in spite of the cat.
Timmy Willie longed to be at home in his peaceful nest in a sunny bank.
The food disagreed with him; the noise prevented him from sleeping.
In a few days he grew so thin that Johnny Town-mouse noticed it, and questioned him.
He listened to Timmy Willie's story and inquired about the garden.
"It sounds rather a dull place?
What do you do when it rains?"
"When it rains, I sit in my little sandy burrow and shell corn and seeds from my Autumn store.
I peep out at the throstles and blackbirds on the lawn, and my friend Cock Robin.
And when the sun comes out again, you should see my garden and the flowers roses and pinks and pansies no noise except the birds and bees, and the lambs in the meadows."

By this time the moon was shining brightly, and the engine-driver, steadying himself on the coal, could command a view of the line behind them for a long distance.
Presently he called out, ‘I can see it clearly now!
It is an engine, on our rails, coming along at a great pace!
It looks as if we were being pursued!’
The miserable Toad, crouching in the coal-dust, tried hard to think of something to do, with dismal want of success.
‘They are gaining on us fast!’ cried the engine-driver.
And the engine is crowded with the queerest lot of people!
Men like ancient warders, waving halberds; policemen in their helmets, waving truncheons; and shabbily dressed men in pot-hats, obvious and unmistakable plain-clothes detectives even at this distance, waving revolvers and walking-sticks; all waving, and all shouting the same thing “Stop, stop, stop!”’
Then Toad fell on his knees among the coals and, raising his clasped paws in supplication, cried, ‘Save me, only save me, dear kind Mr.
Engine-driver, and I will confess everything!
I am not the simple washerwoman I seem to be!
I have no children waiting for me, innocent or otherwise!
I am a toad the well-known and popular Mr. Toad, a landed proprietor; I have just escaped, by my great daring and cleverness, from a loathsome dungeon into which my enemies had flung me; and if those fellows on that engine recapture me, it will be chains and bread-and-water and straw and misery once more for poor, unhappy, innocent Toad!’
The engine-driver looked down upon him very sternly, and said, ‘Now tell the truth; what were you put in prison for?’
‘It was nothing very much,’ said poor Toad, colouring deeply.
‘I only borrowed a motorcar while the owners were at lunch; they had no need of it at the time.
I didn’t mean to steal it, really; but people especially magistrates take such harsh views of thoughtless and high-spirited actions.’
The engine-driver looked very grave and said, ‘I fear that you have been indeed a wicked toad, and by rights I ought to give you up to offended justice.

He had intended to do big things with Peaceful Moments.
He had meant to start a new epoch in the literature of Manhattan.
"I gottan idea," he had said to Miss Scobell.
"All this yellow journalism red blood and all that folks are tired of it.
They want something milder.
Wholesome, see what I mean?
There's money in it.
Guys make a roll too big to lift by selling soft drinks, don't they?
Well, I'm going to run a soft-drink paper.
See?"
The enterprise had started well.
To begin with, he had found the ideal editor.

Why could I not have been contented to labor with my companions, and not wish to be idle all the day like that useless little Lapdog!”
The Lioness 
A CONTROVERSY prevailed among the beasts of the field as to which of the animals deserved the most credit for producing the greatest number of whelps at a birth.
They rushed clamorously into the presence of the Lioness and demanded of her the settlement of the dispute.
“And you,”
 they said, “how many sons have you at a birth?” The Lioness laughed at them, and said: “Why!
I have only one; but that one is altogether a thoroughbred Lion.”
The value is in the worth, not in the number.
The Boasting Traveler 
A MAN who had traveled in foreign lands boasted very much, on returning to his own country, of the many wonderful and heroic feats he had performed in the different places he had visited.
Among other things, he said that when he was at Rhodes he had leaped to such a distance that no man of his day could leap anywhere near him as to that, there were in Rhodes many persons who saw him do it and whom he could call as witnesses.
One of the bystanders interrupted him, saying: “Now, my good man, if this be all true there is no need of witnesses.
Suppose this to be Rhodes, and leap for us.”
The Cat and the Cock 
A CAT caught a Cock, and pondered how he might find a reasonable excuse for eating him.
He accused him of being a nuisance to men by crowing in the nighttime and not permitting them to sleep.
The Cock defended himself by saying that he did this for the benefit of men, that they might rise in time for their labors.
The Cat replied, “Although you abound in specious apologies, I shall not remain supperless;” and he made a meal of him.
The Piglet, the Sheep, and the Goat 
A YOUNG PIG was shut up in a fold-yard with a Goat and a Sheep.

The Bunniah had not; and, guided by Kulloo, he set out to find her.
When they arrived at the robber's house, and made themselves known, the woman was greatly vexed, for the robber was rich, and gave her a very comfortable home; but she pretended to be friendly and invited her husband to dine there that night, telling him that, afterwards, when he had the chance, he could kill the robber.
When the Bunniah had gone, she and the robber arranged a trap for him.
It was a hole in the floor, very large and deep, with spikes fixed in the sides of it, so that anybody who fell in might die.
Over the hole they set a large brass thalee or plate, so that, while the Bunniah leaned heavily upon it to eat his food, both it and he would fall into the hole.
All happened as they anticipated; and when the poor Bunniah found himself in a deep hole, full of spikes, he thought his last hour had come.
But faithful Kulloo came to his rescue, and, taking out the spikes with his teeth, soon set his master free.
The Bunniah then lost no time in seeking the robber, and found him lying fast asleep; so he killed him, and cut off his head, then, taking his wife with him, left the place.
Kulloo followed closely, and licked up each drop of blood which fell from the robber's head, lest it might leave a trace of the deed, and get his master into trouble.
He was a wise dog, and knew the woman was wicked, so she hated him, and made up her mind that she would neither eat nor drink until he was dead.
The Bunniah enquired why she would not touch any food, and she told him she would only do so if he killed Kulloo.
This the man refused to do; but, after a while, he consented.

I will linger, and look back; and at last I will surely see you coming, eager and light-hearted, with all the South in your face!’
The voice died away and ceased as an insect’s tiny trumpet dwindles swiftly into silence; and the Water Rat, paralysed and staring, saw at last but a distant speck on the white surface of the road.
Mechanically he rose and proceeded to repack the luncheon-basket, carefully and without haste.
Mechanically he returned home, gathered together a few small necessaries and special treasures he was fond of, and put them in a satchel; acting with slow deliberation, moving about the room like a sleep-walker; listening ever with parted lips.
He swung the satchel over his shoulder, carefully selected a stout stick for his wayfaring, and with no haste, but with no hesitation at all, he stepped across the threshold just as the Mole appeared at the door.
‘Why, where are you off to, Ratty?’ asked the Mole in great surprise, grasping him by the arm.
‘Going South, with the rest of them,’ murmured the Rat in a dreamy monotone, never looking at him.
‘Seawards first and then on shipboard, and so to the shores that are calling me!’
He pressed resolutely forward, still without haste, but with dogged fixity of purpose; but the Mole, now thoroughly alarmed, placed himself in front of him, and looking into his eyes saw that they were glazed and set and turned a streaked and shifting grey not his friend’s eyes, but the eyes of some other animal!
Grappling with him strongly he dragged him inside, threw him down, and held him.
The Rat struggled desperately for a few moments, and then his strength seemed suddenly to leave him, and he lay still and exhausted, with closed eyes, trembling.
Presently the Mole assisted him to rise and placed him in a chair, where he sat collapsed and shrunken into himself, his body shaken by a violent shivering, passing in time into an hysterical fit of dry sobbing.
Mole made the door fast, threw the satchel into a drawer and locked it, and sat down quietly on the table by his friend, waiting for the strange seizure to pass.
Gradually the Rat sank into a troubled doze, broken by starts and confused murmurings of things strange and wild and foreign to the unenlightened Mole; and from that he passed into a deep slumber.

She stares at him with all her eyes, and doesn’t move; and yet she told him not to come.
He looks pale enough; and that abominable chatterbox, Evgenie Pavlovitch, monopolizes the whole of the conversation.
Nobody else can get a word in.
I could soon find out all about everything if I could only change the subject.”
The prince certainly was very pale.
He sat at the table and seemed to be feeling, by turns, sensations of alarm and rapture.
Oh, how frightened he was of looking to one side one particular corner whence he knew very well that a pair of dark eyes were watching him intently, and how happy he was to think that he was once more among them, and occasionally hearing that well-known voice, although she had written and forbidden him to come again!
“What on earth will she say to me, I wonder?” he thought to himself.
He had not said a word yet; he sat silent and listened to Evgenie Pavlovitch’s eloquence.
The latter had never appeared so happy and excited as on this evening.
The prince listened to him, but for a long time did not take in a word he said.
Excepting Ivan Fedorovitch, who had not as yet returned from town, the whole family was present.
Prince S. was there; and they all intended to go out to hear the band very soon.

Then Sharvan raised his head, and, glaring at Dermat with his one red eye, said, 'There hath been peace betwixt us heretofore, wherefore should we now depart from it?'
And Dermat said, 'It is not to strive that I come hither, but to beg of thee berries from the quicken-tree, for Grania, my wife, longeth for them with a great longing.'
But the giant answered, 'Though the Princess were at the point of death, yet would I not give her berries from the quicken-tree.'
When Dermat heard this he said, 'It had pleased me well to remain at peace with thee, but now must I take the berries from the tree whether it be thy will or no.'
At these words Sharvan waxed exceeding wroth, and with his club did he deal Dermat three sore blows.
But the champion, recovering, sprang upon the giant, and seizing his great club, he ceased not to belabour him until he fell to earth a dead man.
Then Dermat sat down to rest.
And he told the captive chiefs to drag the body of the giant into the wood and bury it, that Grania might not be affrighted.
And when they had come back he sent for the Princess.
And Grania, when she came to the quicken-tree, would not gather the fruit, for she said, 'I will eat no berries save those plucked by the hand of my husband.'
So Dermat plucked the berries, and Grania ate and was satisfied.
Then the champion gave berries of the quicken-tree to the captive chiefs, saying, 'Take these to Finn and so win your peace.'

"Just take the sky upon your head one instant, will you?
I want to make a cushion of my lion's skin, for the weight to rest upon.
It really chafes me, and will cause unnecessary inconvenience in so many centuries as I am to stand here."
"That's no more than fair, and I'll do it!"
quoth the giant; for he had no unkind feeling towards Hercules, and was merely acting with a too selfish consideration of his own ease.
"For just five minutes, then, I'll take back the sky.
Only for five minutes, recollect!
I have no idea of spending another thousand years as I spent the last.
Variety is the spice of life, say I."
Ah, the thick-witted old rogue of a giant!
He threw down the golden apples, and received back the sky, from the head and shoulders of Hercules, upon his own, where it rightly belonged.
And Hercules picked up the three golden apples, that were as big or bigger than pumpkins, and straightway set out on his journey homeward, without paying the slightest heed to the thundering tones of the giant, who bellowed after him to come back.

Even the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman could sit on it, and were drawn swiftly by their queer little horses to the place where the Lion lay asleep.
After a great deal of hard work, for the Lion was heavy, they managed to get him up on the truck.
Then the Queen hurriedly gave her people the order to start, for she feared if the mice stayed among the poppies too long they also would fall asleep.
At first the little creatures, many though they were, could hardly stir the heavily loaded truck; but the Woodman and the Scarecrow both pushed from behind, and they got along better.
Soon they rolled the Lion out of the poppy bed to the green fields, where he could breathe the sweet, fresh air again, instead of the poisonous scent of the flowers.
Dorothy came to meet them and thanked the little mice warmly for saving her companion from death.
She had grown so fond of the big Lion she was glad he had been rescued.
Then the mice were unharnessed from the truck and scampered away through the grass to their homes.
The Queen of the Mice was the last to leave.
"If ever you need us again," she said, "come out into the field and call, and we shall hear you and come to your assistance.
Good-bye!"
"Good-bye!"

Dear old Freddie may have been fluffy in his lines, but, by George, his business had certainly gone with a bang!
RALLYING ROUND OLD GEORGE 
I think one of the rummiest affairs I was ever mixed up with, in the course of a lifetime devoted to butting into other people's business, was that affair of George Lattaker at Monte Carlo.
I wouldn't bore you, don't you know, for the world, but I think you ought to hear about it.
We had come to Monte Carlo on the yacht Circe, belonging to an old sportsman of the name of Marshall.
Among those present were myself, my man Voules, a Mrs. Vanderley, her daughter Stella, Mrs. Vanderley's maid Pilbeam and George.
George was a dear old pal of mine.
In fact, it was I who had worked him into the party.
You see, George was due to meet his Uncle Augustus, who was scheduled, George having just reached his twenty-fifth birthday, to hand over to him a legacy left by one of George's aunts, for which he had been trustee.
The aunt had died when George was quite a kid.
It was a date that George had been looking forward to; for, though he had a sort of income an income, after-all, is only an income, whereas a chunk of o' goblins is a pile.
George's uncle was in Monte Carlo, and had written George that he would come to London and unbelt; but it struck me that a far better plan was for George to go to his uncle at Monte Carlo instead.
Kill two birds with one stone, don't you know.

he said.
"Who was the grandee with the cat?
An old childhood's friend?
Was he trying to sell the animal to us?"
"That was Mr.
Bat Jarvis," said Betty.
Smith looked interested.
"Bat!
What was he doing here?"
Betty related the story of the cat.
Smith nodded thoughtfully.
"Well," he said, "I don't know that Comrade Jarvis is precisely the sort of friend I would go out of my way to select.

Totski’s the only man with any chance there.
Oh, no!
He takes her to his box at the opera at the French theatre of an evening, and the officers and people all look at her and say, ‘By Jove, there’s the famous Nastasia Philipovna!’ but no one ever gets any further than that, for there is nothing more to say.”
“Yes, it’s quite true,” said Rogojin, frowning gloomily; “so Zaleshoff told me.
I was walking about the Nefsky one fine day, prince, in my father’s old coat, when she suddenly came out of a shop and stepped into her carriage.
I swear I was all of a blaze at once.
Then I met Zaleshoff looking like a hair-dresser’s assistant, got up as fine as I don’t know who, while I looked like a tinker.
‘Don’t flatter yourself, my boy,’ said he; ‘she’s not for such as you; she’s a princess, she is, and her name is Nastasia Philipovna Barashkoff, and she lives with Totski, who wishes to get rid of her because he’s growing rather old fifty-five or so and wants to marry a certain beauty, the loveliest woman in all Petersburg.’ And then he told me that I could see Nastasia Philipovna at the opera-house that evening, if I liked, and described which was her box.
Well, I’d like to see my father allowing any of us to go to the theatre; he’d sooner have killed us, any day.
However, I went for an hour or so and saw Nastasia Philipovna, and I never slept a wink all night after.
Next morning my father happened to give me two government loan bonds to sell, worth nearly five thousand roubles each.
‘Sell them,’ said he, ‘and then take seven thousand five hundred roubles to the office, give them to the cashier, and bring me back the rest of the ten thousand, without looking in anywhere on the way; look sharp, I shall be waiting for you.’ Well, I sold the bonds, but I didn’t take the seven thousand roubles to the office; I went straight to the English shop and chose a pair of earrings, with a diamond the size of a nut in each.
They cost four hundred roubles more than I had, so I gave my name, and they trusted me.

There must be men where the lights shine so," said the lad.
So in he went, and his mother after him, but he had scarce opened the door before she swooned away, for there she saw a great stout man, at least twenty feet high, sitting on the bench.
"Good evening, grandfather!"
said the lad.
"Well, here I've sat three hundred years," said the man who sat on the bench, "and no one has ever come and called me grandfather before."
Then the lad sat down by the man's side, and began to talk to him as if they had been old friends.
"But what's come over your mother?"
said the man, after they had chatted a while.
"I think she swooned away; you had better look after her."
So the lad went and took hold of the old dame, and dragged her up the hall along the floor.
That brought her to herself, and she kicked and scratched, and flung herself about, and at last sat down upon a heap of firewood in the corner; but she was so frightened that she scarce dared to look one in the face.
After a while, the lad asked if they could spend the night there.

And he, when summoned, tried to gain time, and said, "I will tell you to-morrow," and then he was placed in a chamber by the king, and carefully guarded.
And he was sad because he had pretended to have knowledge.
Now in that palace there was a maid named Jihva (which means Tongue), who, with the assistance of her brother, had stolen that treasure from the interior of the palace.
She, being alarmed at Harisarman's knowledge, went at night and applied her ear to the door of that chamber in order to find out what he was about.
And Harisarman, who was alone inside, was at that very moment blaming his own tongue, that had made a vain assumption of knowledge.
He said: "O Tongue, what is this that you have done through your greediness?
Wicked one, you will soon receive punishment in full."
When Jihva heard this, she thought, in her terror, that she had been discovered by this wise man, and she managed to get in where he was, and falling at his feet, she said to the supposed wizard:
"Brahman, here I am, that Jihva whom you have discovered to be the thief of the treasure, and after I took it I buried it in the earth in a garden behind the palace, under a pomegranate tree.
So spare me, and receive the small quantity of gold which is in my possession."
When Harisarman heard that, he said to her proudly: "Depart, I know all this; I know the past, present and future; but I will not denounce you, being a miserable creature that has implored my protection.
But whatever gold is in your possession you must give back to me."
When he said this to the maid, she consented, and departed quickly.

That was very thoughtful!” Mr. Lorry grasped his hand in return, and neither of the two spoke for a little while.
“Now, my dear Manette,” said Mr. Lorry, at length, in his most considerate and most affectionate way, “I am a mere man of business, and unfit to cope with such intricate and difficult matters.
I do not possess the kind of information necessary; I do not possess the kind of intelligence; I want guiding.
There is no man in this world on whom I could so rely for right guidance, as on you.
Tell me, how does this relapse come about?
Is there danger of another?
Could a repetition of it be prevented?
How should a repetition of it be treated?
How does it come about at all?
What can I do for my friend?
No man ever can have been more desirous in his heart to serve a friend, than I am to serve mine, if I knew how.
“But I don't know how to originate, in such a case.

Dream on in the faraway firelight; and as the angel hand of memory unfolds these sacred visions, with thee and them shall abide, like a Divine Comforter, the spirit of Thanksgiving.
CHIP'S THANKSGIVING

    Chip had plenty of nuts on Thanksgiving Day.
The little     lady called Heart's Delight saw to that.
Can you guess     who Chip was?
THEY had got "way through," as Terry said, to the nuts.
It had been a beautiful Thanksgiving dinner "so far."
Grandmother's sweet face beamed down the length of the great table, over all the little crinkly grandheads, at grandfather's face.
Everybody felt very thankful.
"I wish all the children this side o' the north pole had had some turkey, too, and squash and cram'bry and things," said Silence quietly.
Silence was always wishing beautiful things like that.
"An' some nuts," added Terry, setting his small white teeth into the meat of a big fat walnut.
"It wouldn't seem Thanksgivingy 'thout nuts."

My compliments to the Meteor Keeper, and I shall be obliged if he will give this meteor two æons in the Reform School.
I trust," he continued, turning to the assembled comets, "that this will be a lesson to all of you!"
And I believe it was.
DAY DREAMS 
    White wings over the water,     Fluttering, fluttering over the sea,     White wings over the water,     What are you bringing to me?
A fairy prince in a golden boat,     With golden ringlets that fall and float,     A velvet cap, and a taffety cloak,     This you are bringing to me.
Fairy, fairy princekin,     Sailing, sailing hither to me,     Silk and satin and velvet,     What are you coming to see?
A little girl in a calico gown,     With hair and eyes of dusky brown,     Who sits on the wharf of the fishing-town.
Looking away to sea.
Golden, golden sunbeams,     Touch me now with your wands of gold;     Make me a beautiful princess,     Radiant to behold.
Blue and silver and ermine fine,     Diamond drops that flash and shine;     So shall I meet this prince of mine,     Fairer than may be told.
White wings over the water,     Fluttering ever farther away;     Dark clouds shrouding the sunbeams,     Sullen and cold and gray.
Back I go in my calico gown,     Back to the hut in the fishing-town.

One day the woman's husband, who had been away in another country, returned, so she had to attend to his food, and could not get away as early as usual to carry dainty dishes to the Fakir, who was very angry when she arrived late, and made her excuses on account of her husband's arrival.
"What do I care for your husband?"
said the Fakir.
"Is he better than a holy mendicant?
Go this moment and bring me his head."
This she did, much to the Fakir's surprise; but, instead of being pleased at her obedience to his wishes, he was angry, and said:
"If you killed your husband, you will one day kill me also."
So he drove her from his presence, and she returned to her own home, where, taking her husband's head upon her knee, she set up a great weeping and lamentation, which attracted all her neighbours and brought them together.
"My husband had only just returned from a journey, bringing money; and see, thieves have stolen his money, and murdered him during the night."
Her neighbours believed this, and prepared to carry her husband to the burning ghât, for he was a Hindoo.
While they did this, the woman declared that she would follow, and perform the sacred rite of suttee, or being burnt upon her husband's funeral pyre.
Although impressed by her supposed devotion to her husband, her friends wrote to Bickermanji, and begged him to prevent her.
Bickermanji knew all that had really happened, and meant to show his own wisdom and the woman's crime, also to punish her as he thought best.

*Bordingborg, in the reign of King Waldemar, a considerable place, now an unimportant little town.
One solitary tower only, and some remains of a wall, show where the castle once stood.
And little Tukey lay in his bed: it seemed to him as if he dreamed, and yet as if he were not dreaming; however, somebody was close beside him.
“Little Tukey!
Little Tukey!” cried someone near.
It was a seaman, quite a little personage, so little as if he were a midshipman; but a midshipman it was not.
“Many remembrances from Corsor.
* That is a town that is just rising into importance; a lively town that has steam-boats and stagecoaches:
formerly people called it ugly, but that is no longer true.
I lie on the sea,” said Corsor; “I have high roads and gardens, and I have given birth to a poet who was witty and amusing, which all poets are not.
I once intended to equip a ship that was to sail all round the earth; but I did not do it, although I could have done so: and then, too, I smell so deliciously, for close before the gate bloom the most beautiful roses.”
*Corsor, on the Great Belt, called, formerly, before the introduction of steam-vessels, when travellers were often obliged to wait a long time for a favorable wind, “the most tiresome of towns.” The poet Baggesen was born here.
Little Tuk looked, and all was red and green before his eyes; but as soon as the confusion of colors was somewhat over, all of a sudden there appeared a wooded slope close to the bay, and high up above stood a magnificent old church, with two high pointed towers.
From out the hill-side spouted fountains in thick streams of water, so that there was a continual splashing; and close beside them sat an old king with a golden crown upon his white head: that was King Hroar, near the fountains, close to the town of Roeskilde, as it is now called.

"The jungle was so thick I could not reach the giant tree without first cutting a path for myself."
"That is true; therefore learn from this parable, man is so great that, if he falls into transgression, others must suffer with him."
But the man still marvelled, and his mind remained dark.
The Great God, in His long-sufferance, told him to ponder further upon the parable of the giant tree.
So the Great God walked abroad for a time and man was left alone to ponder.
When He returned He found the man still puzzled and unable to comprehend; and once again He questioned him.
"What took place in My absence?"
"Nothing of importance that I can think of."
"Why didst thou cry out as if in pain?"
"It was for a very trivial cause; an ant bit me in my heel."
"And what didst thou do?"
"I took a stone and killed the ant and the whole nest of ants."

"But we have got to them," cried the first child.
"We are at them now.
I see the palm-trees waving, and the white sand glittering.
Look!
there are the natives gathering to welcome us on the beach.
They have feather cloaks, and necklaces, and anklets of copper as red as gold.
Oh!
and there is an elephant coming straight toward us."
"I should think you would be ashamed," said the second child.
"That is Widow Slocum."
"It's all the same," said the first child.
Presently the second child got down from the log.

“Do, Tom!”
Tom, quaking with fear, yielded, and put his eye to the crack.
His whisper was hardly audible when he said:
“Oh, Huck, its a stray dog!”
“Quick, Tom, quick!
Who does he mean?”
“Huck, he must mean us both we're right together.”
“Oh, Tom, I reckon we're goners.
I reckon there ain't no mistake 'bout where I'll go to.
I been so wicked.”
“Dad fetch it!
This comes of playing hookey and doing everything a feller's told not to do.
I might a been good, like Sid, if I'd a tried but no, I wouldn't, of course.
But if ever I get off this time, I lay I'll just waller in Sunday-schools!” And Tom began to snuffle a little.
“You bad!” and Huckleberry began to snuffle too.
“Consound it, Tom Sawyer, you're just old pie, 'long-side o' what I am.
Oh, lordy, lordy, lordy, I wisht I only had half your chance.”
Tom choked off and whispered:
“Look, Hucky, look!
He's got his back to us!”
Hucky looked, with joy in his heart.

She thought, ‘If I am wise I can yet save my Lord from the persecutions of these quarrelsome Queens,’ and she held out her finger and whispered softly to the Butterfly’s Wife, ‘Little woman, come here.’ Up flew the Butterfly’s Wife, very frightened, and clung to Balkis’s white hand.
Balkis bent her beautiful head down and whispered, ‘Little woman, do you believe what your husband has just said?’
The Butterfly’s Wife looked at Balkis, and saw the most beautiful Queen’s eyes shining like deep pools with starlight on them, and she picked up her courage with both wings and said, ‘O Queen, be lovely for ever.
You know what men-folk are like.’
And the Queen Balkis, the Wise Balkis of Sheba, put her hand to her lips to hide a smile and said, ‘Little sister, I know.’
‘They get angry,’ said the Butterfly’s Wife, fanning herself quickly, ‘over nothing at all, but we must humour them, O Queen.
They never mean half they say.
If it pleases my husband to believe that I believe he can make Suleiman-bin-Daoud’s Palace disappear by stamping his foot, I’m sure I don’t care.
He’ll forget all about it to-morrow.’
‘Little sister,’ said Balkis, ‘you are quite right; but next time he begins to boast, take him at his word.
Ask him to stamp, and see what will happen.
We know what men-folk are like, don’t we?
He’ll be very much ashamed.’
Away flew the Butterfly’s Wife to her husband, and in five minutes they were quarrelling worse than ever.
‘Remember!’ said the Butterfly.
‘Remember what I can do if I stamp my foot.’
‘I don’t believe you one little bit,’ said the Butterfly’s Wife.
‘I should very much like to see it done.

"And the wretched woman actually did not know where they had taken her!"
exclaimed Mr. Carrisford.
Mr. Carmichael shrugged his shoulders.
"She was a shrewd, worldly Frenchwoman, and was evidently only too glad to get the child so comfortably off her hands when the father's death left her totally unprovided for.
Women of her type do not trouble themselves about the futures of children who might prove burdens.
The adopted parents apparently disappeared and left no trace."
"But you say 'IF the child was the one I am in search of.
You say 'if.'
We are not sure.
There was a difference in the name."
"Madame Pascal pronounced it as if it were Carew instead of Crewe but that might be merely a matter of pronunciation.
The circumstances were curiously similar.

EDWARD LEAR 
 
KINDNESS TO ANIMALS 
  Little children, never give   Pain to things that feel and live:
  Let the gentle robin come   For the crumbs you save at home, 
  As his meat you throw along   He'll repay you with a song;   Never hurt the timid hare   Peeping from her green grass lair,   Let her come and sport and play   On the lawn at close of day;   The little lark goes soaring high   To the bright windows of the sky,   Singing as if 'twere always spring,   And fluttering on an untired wing, 
  Oh!
let him sing his happy song,   Nor do these gentle creatures wrong.
UNKNOWN 
 
HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE 
  How doth the little busy bee     Improve each shining hour,   And gather honey all the day     From every opening flow'r!
How skilfully she builds her cell!
How neat she spreads the wax!
And labors hard to store it well     With the sweet food she makes.
In works of labor or of skill,     I would be busy too;   For Satan finds some mischief still     For idle hands to do.
In books, or work, or healthful play,     Let my first years be past,   That I may give for ev'ry day     Some good account at last.
ISAAC WATTS 
 
SUPPOSE!
Suppose, my little lady,     Your doll should break her head,   Could you make it whole by crying     Till your eyes and nose are red?
And wouldn't it be pleasanter     To treat it as a joke,   And say you're glad 'twas Dolly's,     And not your head that broke?
Suppose you're dressed for walking,     And the rain comes pouring down,   Will it clear off any sooner     Because you scold and frown?

And all the time numberless fowls were diving, and ducking, and screaming, and yelling, and fighting around them.
Stubb was beginning to look disappointed, especially as the horrible nosegay increased, when suddenly from out the very heart of this plague, there stole a faint stream of perfume, which flowed through the tide of bad smells without being absorbed by it, as one river will flow into and then along with another, without at all blending with it for a time.
“I have it, I have it,” cried Stubb, with delight, striking something in the subterranean regions, “a purse!
a purse!”
Dropping his spade, he thrust both hands in, and drew out handfuls of something that looked like ripe Windsor soap, or rich mottled old cheese; very unctuous and savory withal.
You might easily dent it with your thumb; it is of a hue between yellow and ash colour.
And this, good friends, is ambergris, worth a gold guinea an ounce to any druggist.
Some six handfuls were obtained; but more was unavoidably lost in the sea, and still more, perhaps, might have been secured were it not for impatient Ahab’s loud command to Stubb to desist, and come on board, else the ship would bid them good bye.
CHAPTER 92.
Ambergris.
Now this ambergris is a very curious substance, and so important as an article of commerce, that in 1791 a certain Nantucket-born Captain Coffin was examined at the bar of the English House of Commons on that subject.
For at that time, and indeed until a comparatively late day, the precise origin of ambergris remained, like amber itself, a problem to the learned.
Though the word ambergris is but the French compound for grey amber, yet the two substances are quite distinct.

You said you were."
"I'm John Maude right enough.
We're solid on that point."
"And your mother was the only sister of Mr. Andrew Westley?"
"You're right there, too."
"Then there is no mistake.
I say the Republic " He paused, as if struck with an idea.
"Don't you know?"
he said.
"Your father "
John became suddenly interested.
"If you've got anything to tell me about my father, go right ahead.
You'll be the only man I've ever met who has said a word about him.

Her fate, like that of the rest of the colony, is unknown to this day.
The author begs leave to express his thanks here for the valuable      aid furnished him by the following works, viz.
: "The Horse and his      Diseases," by Mr. Astor; "Life and Times of John Oglethorpe," by      Elias G. Merritt; "How to Make the Garden Pay," by Peter Henderson;      "Over the Purple Hills," by Mrs. Churchill, of Denver, Colorado,      and "He Played on the Harp of a Thousand Strings, and the Spirits      of Just Men Made Perfect," by S. P. Avery.
CHAPTER XI.
INTERCOLONIAL AND INDIAN WARS.
Intercolonial and Indian wars furnished excitement now from 1689 into the early part of the eighteenth century.
War broke out in Europe between the French and English, and the Colonies had to take sides, as did also the Indians.
Canadians and Indians would come down into York State or New England, burn a town, tomahawk quite a number of people, then go back on snow-shoes, having entered the town on rubbers, like a decayed show with no printing.
There was an attack on Haverhill in March, 1697, and a Mr. Dustin was at work in the field.
He ran to his house and got his seven children ahead of him, while with his gun he protected their rear till he got them away safely.
Mrs. Dustin, however, who ran back into the house to remove a pie from the oven as she feared it was burning, was captured, and, with a boy of the neighborhood, taken to an island in the Merrimac, where the Indians camped.
At night she woke the boy, told him how to hit an Indian with a tomahawk so that "the subsequent proceedings would interest him no more," and that evening the two stole forth while the ten Indians slept, knocked in their thinks, scalped them to prove their story, and passed on to safety.

When they reached the chest the fishermen saw a young mother inside it clasping her baby son closely in her arms.
It had held a human treasure abandoned to the Gorgon's cruel powers of the sea.
They conducted her to their King, Polydectes, of Seriphus, and she told him her story.
"I am Danae, the princess of Argos," she said, "but my father, King Acrisius, is afraid of the powers that this little son of mine may develop in manhood.
He caused us to be shut up in a frail chest and set adrift among the waves.
I pray your protection, O King, for my son, who is strong and of noble birth, until he is able to dare great deeds and reward you for your kindness."
No one could have resisted the pleading of Danae, so lovely and holding her baby in her arms.
She remained in Seriphus and her son, Perseus, grew to a boy and then to a fearless, daring young hero.
All this time Medusa was working sorrow on land and sea.
She had once been a beautiful maiden of the coast of Greece, but she had quarreled with Minerva, the goddess of wisdom, and for this act the gods had changed her into a Gorgon.
Her long, curling hair was now a mass of clustering, venomous serpents that twined about her white shoulders and crawled down to her feet where they twisted themselves around her ankles.
No one could describe the terrible features of Medusa, but whoever looked in her face was turned from a living thing to a creature of stone.

"Your breakfast is ready, sir," said Jeeves.
I sat down and dallied in a dazed sort of way with a poached egg.
"Jeeves," I said, "you are certainly a life-saver!"
"Thank you, sir."
"Nothing would have convinced my Aunt Agatha that I hadn't lured that blighter into riotous living."
"I fancy you are right, sir."
I champed my egg for a bit.
I was most awfully moved, don't you know, by the way Jeeves had rallied round.
Something seemed to tell me that this was an occasion that called for rich rewards.
For a moment I hesitated.
Then I made up my mind.
"Jeeves!"

Well, this is very astonishing!
no relationship!
no connection between them!
and now that livings fetch such a price!
what was the value of this?"
"About two hundred a year."
"Very well and for the next presentation to a living of that value supposing the late incumbent to have been old and sickly, and likely to vacate it soon he might have got I dare say fourteen hundred pounds.
And how came he not to have settled that matter before this person's death?
NOW indeed it would be too late to sell it, but a man of Colonel Brandon's sense!
I wonder he should be so improvident in a point of such common, such natural, concern!
Well, I am convinced that there is a vast deal of inconsistency in almost every human character.
I suppose, however on recollection that the case may probably be THIS.

The odour of the pumpkin pies naturally interested her, and she proceeded to lick up the delicious creamy filling of one after another with great zest.
Just as she was finishing the very last one of the four or five which had stood there, Mistress Elliott appeared upon the scene, to find her precious dainties faded like the baseless fabric of a vision, leaving behind them only a few broken bits of pie crust.
A series of "short, sharp shocks" (as described in "The Mikado") then rent the air, summoning Prudence Ann and Delcy, the maid, to the scene of the calamity.
Let us draw a veil over the succeeding ten minutes.
At the end of that time Prudence Ann lay upon the sitting-room lounge (or "settle," as they called it then) passing from one fainting fit into another, and Delcy was out in search of the doctor and such family friends as were likely to be of service in this unexpected dilemma.
It was, of course, supposed that the calf had devoured the whole of the mighty cake as well as the pies.
It was lucky for Obed and Hitty that the poor beast could not speak.
As it was, nobody so much as thought of accusing them of the theft, though there were plenty of crumbs in their pockets, while the death of the innocent heifer was loudly demanded by the angry Prudence Ann.
It was only by artifice and diplomacy that Mistress Elliott was able to preserve the life of her favourite, which, if it had really eaten the cake, must surely have perished.
The wedding finally came off on the 4th, though there was a pouting bride, and nuts, apples, and cider were said to be the chief refreshments.
Prudence Ann, however, probably secured the "good luck"
for which she was so anxious, for there is no record nor tradition to the contrary in all Colchester.
Nothing would probably ever have been known of the real fate of the famous cake if the tale had not been told by Mistress Hitty in her old age to her grandchildren, with appropriate warnings to them never to commit similar misdemeanours themselves.

The Spy returned immediately, with two men.
“How, then?” said one of them, contemplating the fallen figure.
“So afflicted to find that his friend has drawn a prize in the lottery of Sainte Guillotine?”
“A good patriot,” said the other, “could hardly have been more afflicted if the Aristocrat had drawn a blank.”
They raised the unconscious figure, placed it on a litter they had brought to the door, and bent to carry it away.
“The time is short, Evremonde,” said the Spy, in a warning voice.
“I know it well,” answered Carton.
“Be careful of my friend, I entreat you, and leave me.”
“Come, then, my children,” said Barsad.
“Lift him, and come away!”
The door closed, and Carton was left alone.
Straining his powers of listening to the utmost, he listened for any sound that might denote suspicion or alarm.
There was none.
Keys turned, doors clashed, footsteps passed along distant passages: no cry was raised, or hurry made, that seemed unusual.
Breathing more freely in a little while, he sat down at the table, and listened again until the clock struck Two.
Sounds that he was not afraid of, for he divined their meaning, then began to be audible.

"Who said she was a dwarf?"
"There wouldn't be any use throwing her from the tower if she wasn't."
"I didn't say it was any use.
They just did it for ornament."
This made the nephew so mad that he began to dig the papa with his fist, and the papa began to laugh.
He said, as well as he could for laughing:
"You see, the trouble was to keep her from bouncing up higher than the top of the tower.
She was light weight, anyway, because she was a witch; and after the first bounce they had to have two executioners to keep throwing her down a day executioner and a night executioner; and she went so fast up and down that she was just like a solid column of enchantress.
She enjoyed it first-rate, but it kept her out of mischief."
"Now, uncle," said the niece, "you're just letting yourself go.
What did the fairy godmother do after they all got married?"
"Well, the story don't say exactly.
But there's a report that when she became a fairy grandgodmother, she was not half so severe about cleaning up, and let the poor old General-in-Chief have some peace of his life or some war.

Then the youth went next morning to the King and said if he were allowed he would watch three nights in the haunted castle.
The King looked at him, and as the youth pleased him, he said, “Thou mayest ask for three things to take into the castle with thee, but they must be things without life.” Then he answered, “Then I ask for a fire, a turning lathe, and a cutting-board with the knife.” The King had these things carried into the castle for him during the day.
When night was drawing near, the youth went up and made himself a bright fire in one of the rooms, placed the cutting-board and knife beside it, and seated himself by the turning-lathe.
“Ah, if I could but shudder!” said he, “but I shall not learn it here either.” Towards midnight he was about to poke his fire, and as he was blowing it, something cried suddenly from one corner, “Au, miau!
how cold we are!” “You simpletons!” cried he, “what are you crying about?
If you are cold, come and take a seat by the fire and warm yourselves.” And when he had said that, two great black cats came with one tremendous leap and sat down on each side of him, and looked savagely at him with their fiery eyes.
After a short time, when they had warmed themselves, they said, “Comrade, shall we have a game at cards?” “Why not?” he replied, “but just show me your paws.” Then they stretched out their claws.
“Oh,”
said he, “what long nails you have!
Wait, I must first cut them for you.” Thereupon he seized them by the throats, put them on the cutting-board and screwed their feet fast.
“I have looked at your fingers,” said he, “and my fancy for card-playing has gone,” and he struck them dead and threw them out into the water.
But when he had made away with these two, and was about to sit down again by his fire, out from every hole and corner came black cats and black dogs with red-hot chains, and more and more of them came until he could no longer stir, and they yelled horribly, and got on his fire, pulled it to pieces, and tried to put it out.
He watched them for a while quietly, but at last when they were going too far, he seized his cutting-knife, and cried, “Away with ye, vermin,” and began to cut them down.

"I don't care what it is."
Mr. Jarvis knitted his brows in thought.
He was not used to being an employment agency.
But Betty was Betty, and even at the cost of a headache he must think of something.
At the end of five minutes inspiration came to him.
"Say," he said, "what do youse call de guy dat sits an' takes de money at an eatin'-joint?
Cashier?
Well, say, could youse be dat?"
"It would be just the thing.
Do you know a place?"
"Sure.
Just around de corner.

She is beginning by telling a story."
She was mistaken, however, in thinking she was an ugly child.
She was not in the least like Isobel Grange, who had been the beauty of the regiment, but she had an odd charm of her own.
She was a slim, supple creature, rather tall for her age, and had an intense, attractive little face.
Her hair was heavy and quite black and only curled at the tips; her eyes were greenish gray, it is true, but they were big, wonderful eyes with long, black lashes, and though she herself did not like the color of them, many other people did.
Still she was very firm in her belief that she was an ugly little girl, and she was not at all elated by Miss Minchin's flattery.
"I should be telling a story if I said she was beautiful," she thought; "and I should know I was telling a story.
I believe I am as ugly as she is in my way.
What did she say that for?"
After she had known Miss Minchin longer she learned why she had said it.
She discovered that she said the same thing to each papa and mamma who brought a child to her school.
Sara stood near her father and listened while he and Miss Minchin talked.

When they had grown tired of sliding down hill, Eustace set the children to digging a cave in the biggest snow-drift that they could find.
Unluckily, just as it was completed, and the party had squeezed themselves into the hollow, down came the roof upon their heads, and buried every soul of them alive!
The next moment, up popped all their little heads out of the ruins, and the tall student's head in the midst of them, looking hoary and venerable with the snow-dust that had got amongst his brown curls.
And then, to punish Cousin Eustace for advising them to dig such a tumble-down cavern, the children attacked him in a body, and so bepelted him with snowballs that he was fain to take to his heels.
So he ran away, and went into the woods, and thence to the margin of Shadow Brook, where he could hear the streamlet grumbling along, under great overhanging banks of snow and ice, which would scarcely let it see the light of day.
There were adamantine icicles glittering around all its little cascades.
Thence he strolled to the shore of the lake, and beheld a white, untrodden plain before him, stretching from his own feet to the foot of Monument Mountain.
And, it being now almost sunset, Eustace thought that he had never beheld anything so fresh and beautiful as the scene.
He was glad that the children were not with him; for their lively spirits and tumble-about activity would quite have chased away his higher and graver mood, so that he would merely have been merry (as he had already been, the whole day long), and would not have known the loveliness of the winter sunset among the hills.
When the sun was fairly down, our friend Eustace went home to eat his supper.
After the meal was over, he betook himself to the study with a purpose, I rather imagine, to write an ode, or two or three sonnets, or verses of some kind or other, in praise of the purple and golden clouds which he had seen around the setting sun.
But, before he had hammered out the very first rhyme, the door opened, and Primrose and Periwinkle made their appearance.

Then Ali Baba climbed down and went to the door concealed among the bushes, and said: “Open, Sesame!” and it flew open.
Ali Baba, who expected a dull, dismal place, was greatly surprised to find it large and well lighted, hollowed by the hand of man in the form of a vault, which received the light from an opening in the ceiling.
He saw rich bales of merchandise silk, stuff-brocades, all piled together, and gold and silver in heaps, and money in leather purses.
He went in and the door shut behind him.
He did not look at the silver, but brought out as many bags of gold as he thought his asses, which were browsing outside, could carry, loaded them with the bags, and hid it all with fagots.
Using the words: “Shut, Sesame!” he closed the door and went home.
Then he drove his asses into the yard, shut the gates, carried the money-bags to his wife, and emptied them out before her.
He bade her keep the secret, and he would go and bury the gold.
“Let me first measure it,” said his wife.
“I will go borrow a measure of someone, while you dig the hole.” So she ran to the wife of Cassim and borrowed a measure.
Knowing Ali Baba’s poverty, the sister was curious to find out what sort of grain his wife wished to measure, and artfully put some suet at the bottom of the measure.
Ali Baba’s wife went home and set the measure on the heap of gold, and filled it and emptied it often, to her great content.

Bhaer?"
she asked, turning her back to him, and feeling deeply grateful for the chance of hiding her face.
"Excellently well, we will haf it," answered the Professor, smiling to himself as he paid for it, while Jo continued to rummage the counters like a confirmed bargain-hunter.
"Now shall we go home?"
he asked, as if the words were very pleasant to him.
"Yes, it's late, and I'm so tired."
Jo's voice was more pathetic than she knew.
For now the sun seemed to have gone in as suddenly as it came out, and the world grew muddy and miserable again, and for the first time she discovered that her feet were cold, her head ached, and that her heart was colder than the former, fuller of pain than the latter.
Mr. Bhaer was going away, he only cared for her as a friend, it was all a mistake, and the sooner it was over the better.
With this idea in her head, she hailed an approaching omnibus with such a hasty gesture that the daisies flew out of the pot and were badly damaged.
"This is not our omniboos," said the Professor, waving the loaded vehicle away, and stopping to pick up the poor little flowers.
"I beg your pardon.

The moon had risen, and a little breeze waved the hanging moss, and whispered in the glossy foliage of orange and palmetto with a sound like falling rain.
Gideon sat up and peered about him, rolling his eyes hither and thither at the menacing leap and dance of the jet shadows.
His heart was beating thickly, his muscles twitched, and the awful terrors of night pulsed and shuddered over him.
Nameless specters peered at him from every shadow, ingenerate familiars of his wild, forgotten blood.
He groaned aloud in a delicious terror; and presently, still twitching and shivering, fell asleep again.
It was as if something magical had happened; his fear remembered the fear of centuries, and yet with the warm daylight was absolutely forgotten.
He got up a little after sunrise, and went down to the river to bathe, diving deep with a joyful sense of freeing himself from the last alien dust of travel.
Once ashore again, however, he began to prepare his breakfast with some haste.
For the first time in his journey he was feeling a sense of loneliness and a longing for his kind.
He was still happy, but his laughter began to seem strange to him in the solitude.
He tried the defiant experiment of laughing for the effect of it, an experiment which brought him to his feet in startled terror; for his laughter was echoed.
As he stood peering about him, the sound came again, not laughter this time, but a suppressed giggle.

Republished in the volume, Short Sixes:
Stories to Be Read While the Candle Burns (1891), by Henry Cuyler Bunner; copyright, 1890, by Alice Larned Bunner; reprinted by permission of the publishers, Charles Scribner'a Sons.]
"They certainly are nice people," I assented to my wife's observation, using the colloquial phrase with a consciousness that it was anything but "nice" English, "and I'll bet that their three children are better brought up than most of  "
"Two children," corrected my wife.
"Three, he told me."
"My dear, she said there were two."
"He said three."
"You've simply forgotten.
I'm sure she told me they had only two a boy and a girl."
"Well, I didn't enter into particulars."
"No, dear, and you couldn't have understood him.
Two children."
"All right," I said; but I did not think it was all right.
As a near-sighted man learns by enforced observation to recognize persons at a distance when the face is not visible to the normal eye, so the man with a bad memory learns, almost unconsciously, to listen carefully and report accurately.

When she was satisfied, she said, “It is now the time when the hens at home go to roost, I am so tired I could go to bed too.” Then the dove flew to her again, and brought another golden key in its bill, and said, “Open that tree there, and thou willt find a bed.” So she opened it, and found a beautiful white bed, and she prayed God to protect her during the night, and lay down and slept.
In the morning the dove came for the third time, and again brought a little key, and said, “Open that tree there, and thou wilt find clothes.” And when she opened it, she found garments beset with gold and with jewels, more splendid than those of any king’s daughter.
So she lived there for some time, and the dove came every day and provided her with all she needed, and it was a quiet good life.
Once, however, the dove came and said, “Wilt thou do something for my sake?” “With all my heart,” said the girl.
Then said the little dove, “I will guide thee to a small house; enter it, and inside it, an old woman will be sitting by the fire and will say, ‘Good-day.’ But on thy life give her no answer, let her do what she will, but pass by her on the right side; further on, there is a door, which open, and thou wilt enter into a room where a quantity of rings of all kinds are lying, amongst which are some magnificent ones with shining stones; leave them, however, where they are, and seek out a plain one, which must likewise be amongst them, and bring it here to me as quickly as thou canst.” The girl went to the little house, and came to the door.
There sat an old woman who stared when she saw her, and said, “Good-day my child.” The girl gave her no answer, and opened the door.
“Whither away,” cried the old woman, and seized her by the gown, and wanted to hold her fast, saying, “That is my house; no one can go in there if I choose not to allow it.” But the girl was silent, got away from her, and went straight into the room.
Now there lay on the table an enormous quantity of rings, which gleamed and glittered before her eyes.
She turned them over and looked for the plain one, but could not find it.
While she was seeking, she saw the old woman and how she was stealing away, and wanting to get off with a bird-cage which she had in her hand.
So she went after her and took the cage out of her hand, and when she raised it up and looked into it, a bird was inside which had the plain ring in its bill.
Then she took the ring, and ran quite joyously home with it, and thought the little white dove would come and get the ring, but it did not.

Where shall I sleep?
Who will make my new clothes?
Oh, I want to die!
Yes, I want to die!
Oh, oh, oh!”
Poor Pinocchio!
He even tried to tear his hair, but as it was only painted on his wooden head, he could not even pull it.
Just then a large Pigeon flew far above him.
Seeing the Marionette, he cried to him:
“Tell me, little boy, what are you doing there?”
“Can’t you see?
I’m crying,” cried Pinocchio, lifting his head toward the voice and rubbing his eyes with his sleeve.
“Tell me,” asked the Pigeon, “do you by chance know of a Marionette, Pinocchio by name?”
“Pinocchio!
Did you say Pinocchio?” replied the Marionette, jumping to his feet.
“Why, I am Pinocchio!”
At this answer, the Pigeon flew swiftly down to the earth.

"That's good!
I wish all the girls would leave, and spoil his old school.
It's perfectly maddening to think of those lovely limes,"
sighed Amy, with the air of a martyr.
"I am not sorry you lost them, for you broke the rules, and deserved some punishment for disobedience," was the severe reply, which rather disappointed the young lady, who expected nothing but sympathy.
"Do you mean you are glad I was disgraced before the whole school?"
cried Amy.
"I should not have chosen that way of mending a fault," replied her mother, "but I'm not sure that it won't do you more good than a bolder method.
You are getting to be rather conceited, my dear, and it is quite time you set about correcting it.
You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius.
There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long, even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty."
"So it is!"
cried Laurie, who was playing chess in a corner with Jo.

And so they did; and not only they, but so has everybody trusted Hope, that has since been alive.
And to tell you the truth, I cannot help being glad (though, to be sure, it was an uncommonly naughty thing for her to do) but I cannot help being glad that our foolish Pandora peeped into the box.
No doubt no doubt the Troubles are still flying about the world, and have increased in multitude, rather than lessened, and are a very ugly set of imps, and carry most venomous stings in their tails.
I have felt them already, and expect to feel them more, as I grow older.
But then that lovely and lightsome little figure of Hope!
What in the world could we do without her?
Hope spiritualizes the earth; Hope makes it always new; and, even in the earth's best and brightest aspect, Hope shows it to be only the shadow of an infinite bliss hereafter.
TANGLEWOOD PLAY-ROOM 

AFTER THE STORY 
"Primrose," asked Eustace, pinching her ear, "how do you like my little Pandora?
Don't you think her the exact picture of yourself?
But you would not have hesitated half so long about opening the box."
"Then I should have been well punished for my naughtiness," retorted Primrose, smartly; "for the first thing to pop out, after the lid was lifted, would have been Mr. Eustace Bright, in the shape of a Trouble."
"Cousin Eustace," said Sweet Fern, "did the box hold all the trouble that has ever come into the world?"

And as he moved, more and more of his rusty plates fell off.
In a few minutes they heard him clanking up the steps.
He brought something in his mouth it was a bag of gold.
"It's no good to me," he said.
"Perhaps you might find it useful."
So they thanked him very kindly.
"More where that came from," said he, and fetched more and more and more, till they told him to stop.
So now they were rich, and so were their fathers and mothers.
Indeed, everyone was rich, and there were no more poor people in the town.
And they all got rich without working, which is very wrong; but the dragon had never been to school, as you have, so he knew no better.
And as the dragon came out of the dungeon, following Johnnie and Tina into the bright gold and blue of their wedding day, he blinked his eyes as a cat does in the sunshine, and he shook himself, and the last of his plates dropped off, and his wings with them, and he was just like a very, very extra-sized cat.
And from that day he grew furrier and furrier, and he was the beginning of all cats.

The relations, however, mocked him, and were forced to go home without having eaten or drunk.
The father brought out his patches again, and went on tailoring, but the son went to a master in the craft.
The second son had gone to a miller and had apprenticed himself to him.
When his years were over, the master said, “As thou hast conducted thyself so well, I give thee an ass of a peculiar kind, which neither draws a cart nor carries a sack.” “To what use is he put, then?” asked the young apprentice.
“He lets gold drop from his mouth,” answered the miller.
“If thou settest him on a cloth and sayest ‘Bricklebrit,’ the good animal will drop gold pieces for thee.” “That is a fine thing,”
said the apprentice, and thanked the master, and went out into the world.
When he had need of gold, he had only to say “Bricklebrit” to his ass, and it rained gold pieces, and he had nothing to do but pick them off the ground.
Wheresoever he went, the best of everything was good enough for him, and the dearer the better, for he had always a full purse.
When he had looked about the world for some time, he thought, “Thou must seek out thy father; if thou goest to him with the gold-ass he will forget his anger, and receive thee well.” It came to pass that he came to the same public-house in which his brother’s table had been exchanged.
He led his ass by the bridle, and the host was about to take the animal from him and tie him up, but the young apprentice said, “Don’t trouble yourself, I will take my grey horse into the stable, and tie him up myself too, for I must know where he stands.” This struck the host as odd, and he thought that a man who was forced to look after his ass himself, could not have much to spend; but when the stranger put his hand in his pocket and brought out two gold pieces, and said he was to provide something good for him, the host opened his eyes wide, and ran and sought out the best he could muster.
After dinner the guest asked what he owed.
The host did not see why he should not double the reckoning, and said the apprentice must give two more gold pieces.

“That's right,” he shouted.
“Coddle her!
Nobody coddles me.
Oh dear no!
I am only the breadwinner, why should I be coddled why, why, why!”
“George,” Mrs.
Darling entreated him, “not so loud; the servants will hear you.” Somehow they had got into the way of calling Liza the servants.
“Let them!” he answered recklessly.
“Bring in the whole world.
But I refuse to allow that dog to lord it in my nursery for an hour longer.”
The children wept, and Nana ran to him beseechingly, but he waved her back.
He felt he was a strong man again.
“In vain, in vain,” he cried; “the proper place for you is the yard, and there you go to be tied up this instant.”
“George, George,” Mrs.
Darling whispered, “remember what I told you about that boy.”
Alas, he would not listen.

We might have had twice as much silver and gold as this.
You are certainly an old fool!"
she screamed, and then went to bed as angry as she could be.
The old man now wished that he had said nothing about the big box, but it was too late; the greedy old woman, not contented with the good luck which had so unexpectedly befallen them and which she so little deserved, made up her mind, if possible, to get more.
Early the next morning she got up and made the old man describe the way to the sparrow's house.
When he saw what was in her mind he tried to keep her from going, but it was useless.
She would not listen to one word he said.
It is strange that the old woman did not feel ashamed of going to see the sparrow after the cruel way she had treated her in cutting off her tongue in a fit of rage.
But her greed to get the big box made her forget everything else.
It did not even enter her thoughts that the sparrows might be angry with her as, indeed, they were and might punish her for what she had done.
Ever since the Lady Sparrow had returned home in the sad plight in which they had first found her, weeping and bleeding from the mouth, her whole family and relations had done little else but speak of the cruelty of the old woman.
"How could she," they asked each other, "inflict such a heavy punishment for such a trifling offense as that of eating some rice-paste by mistake?"

"What a voluminous mass the unpublished literature of America must be!"
cried I.
"Oh, the Alexandrian manuscripts were nothing to it!"
said my friend.
"Well, another gentleman is just giving up business, on purpose, I verily believe, to escape publishing my book.
Several, however, would not absolutely decline the agency, on my advancing half the cost of an edition, and giving bonds for the remainder, besides a high percentage to themselves, whether the book sells or not.
Another advises a subscription."
"The villain!"
exclaimed I.
"A fact!"
said Oberon.
"In short, of all the seventeen booksellers, only one has vouchsafed even to read my tales; and he a literary dabbler himself, I should judge has the impertinence to criticise them, proposing what he calls vast improvements, and concluding, after a general sentence of condemnation, with the definitive assurance that he will not be concerned on any terms."

Half of it was empty as usual, except for the old iron and odds and ends, and the firewood and the coals.
But the other side was not empty.
It was quite full, and what it was full of was Dragon.
"It must have come up those nasty broken steps from goodness knows where," said the blacksmith to himself, trembling all over, as he tried to creep back up the winding stairs.
But the dragon was too quick for him it put out a great claw and caught him by the leg, and as it moved it rattled like a great bunch of keys, or like the sheet iron they make thunder out of in pantomimes.
"No you don't," said the dragon in a spluttering voice, like a damp squib.
"Deary, deary me," said poor John, trembling more than ever in the claw of the dragon.
"Here's a nice end for a respectable blacksmith!"
The dragon seemed very much struck by this remark.
"Do you mind saying that again?"
said he, quite politely.
So John said again, very distinctly:
"Here is a nice end for a respectable blacksmith."

"Oh," she thought to herself, "if only I could get free, the first thing I would do would be to gobble up that horrid little mouse."
The moon rose, the stars came out, the wind murmured amongst the branches of the banyan tree, making the unfortunate cat long to be safe in her cosy home in the trunk.
The cries of the wild animals which prowl about at night seeking their food were heard, and the cat feared one of them might find her and kill her.
A mother tiger perhaps would snatch her, and take her to her hungry cubs, hidden away in the deep forest, or a bird of prey might swoop down on her and grip her in his terrible claws.
Again and again she entreated the mouse to be quick, promising that, if only he would set her at liberty, she would never, never, never forget it or do any harm to her beloved friend.
9.
What do you suppose the mouse was thinking all this time?
10.
If you had been the mouse, would you have trusted to what the cat said in her misery?
It was not until the moon had set and the light of the dawn had put out that of the stars that the mouse, made any real effort to help the cat.
By this time the hunter who had set the snare came to see if he had caught the cat; and the poor cat, seeing him in the distance, became so wild with terror that she nearly killed herself in the struggle to get away.
"Keep still!

She lifted the lid nearly upright and looked inside.
It seemed as if a sudden swarm of winged creatures brushed past her, taking flight out of the box while, at the same time, she heard the voice of Epimetheus in the doorway exclaiming as if he was in pain, 
"Oh, I am stung!
I am stung!
Naughty Pandora, why have you opened this wicked box?"
Pandora let fall the lid and looked up to see what had befallen Epimetheus.
The thundercloud had so darkened the room that she could not clearly see what was in it.
But she heard a disagreeable buzzing, as if a great many huge flies or giant bees were darting about.
And as her eyes grew accustomed to the dimness she saw a crowd of ugly little shapes, looking very spiteful, and having bats' wings and terribly long stings in their tails.
It was one of these that had strung Epimetheus.
Nor was it a great while after before Pandora herself began to cry.
An odious little monster had settled on her forehead, and would have stung her very deeply if Epimetheus had not run and brushed it away.
Now, if you wish to know what these ugly things were that made their escape out of the box, I must tell you that they were the whole family of earthly Troubles.

She told me not to go out of the garden lest I should get lost; but if I keep in the road, I can't get lost!
Come, Dollie, you and I will go just a little way to meet mamma.
How warm it is in the sunshine!
I think we shall go into the shady wood a little while.
Let us pick some of these pretty flowers to make a wreath won't mother be surprised when I show her all these flowers.
Here is a lovely red one; and here's another like a daisy.
How dark it is here!
I cannot see the road.
I wonder if I'm lost!
O mamma, mamma!
I'm afraid.
Dear Dollie, I'm glad you are with me.

"'And a Happy New Year,' was Father Christmas's reply, which rather put me out.
But he smiled in such a satisfactory manner, that Patty went on, 'You're very old, aren't you?'
"'So I be, miss, so I be,' said Father Christmas, nodding.
"'Father says you're eighteen hundred and thirty years old,' I muttered.
"'Aye, aye, to be sure,' said Father Christmas, 'I'm a long age.'
"A very long age, thought I, and I added, 'You're nearly twice as old as Methuselah, you know,' thinking that this might not have struck him.
"'Aye, aye,' said Father Christmas; but he did not seem to think anything of it.
After a pause he held up the tree, and cried, 'D'ye know what this is, little miss?'
"'A Christmas-tree,' said Patty.
"And the old man smiled and nodded.
"I leant over the wall, and shouted, 'But there are no candles.'
"'By and by,' said Father Christmas, nodding as before.

And I declare that he only has such playful ideas because he’s in love!
Gentlemen, the prince is in love.
I guessed it the moment he came in.
Don’t blush, prince; you make me sorry for you.
What beauty saves the world?
Colia told me that you are a zealous Christian; is it so?
Colia says you call yourself a Christian.”
The prince regarded him attentively, but said nothing.
“You don’t answer me; perhaps you think I am very fond of you?” added Hippolyte, as though the words had been drawn from him.
“No, I don’t think that.
I know you don’t love me.”
“What, after yesterday?
Wasn’t I honest with you?”
“I knew yesterday that you didn’t love me.”
“Why so?
why so?

It had a good place; it could have sunlight, air there was in plenty, and all around grew many larger comrades pines as well as firs.
But the little Fir Tree wished ardently to become greater.
It did not care for the warm sun and the fresh air; it took no notice of the peasant children, who went about talking together, when they had come out to look for strawberries and raspberries.
Often they came with a whole pot-full, or had strung berries on a straw; then they would sit down by the little Fir Tree and say, "How pretty and small that one is!"
and the Fir Tree did not like to hear that at all.
Next year he had grown a great joint, and the following year he was longer still, for in fir trees one can always tell by the number of rings they have how many years they have been growing.
"Oh, if I were only as great a tree as the other!"
sighed the little Fir, "then I would spread my branches far around, and look out from my crown into the wide world.
The birds would then build nests in my boughs, and when the wind blew I could nod just as grandly as the others yonder."
It took no pleasure in the sunshine, in the birds, and in the red clouds that went sailing over him morning and evening.
When it was winter, and the snow lay all around, white and sparkling, a hare would often come jumping along, and spring right over the little Fir Tree.
Oh!

Lots of camps have 'em fetches luck.
And the boys are sure that this baby of yours was designed special to be Beetle Ring's mascot.
Now, pard, Beetle Ring, as you know, ain't what you'd call a Sunday-school, but the boys they'll behave.
They fixed up that storeroom to beat all, nice bed, big stove, and lots of wood, and so on, and we've got a cow for the woman and baby.
Say, we want you powerful.
Got a sleigh fixed, hemlock boughs and a cover of robes and blankets, and Skid'll drive careful.
He's a master at drivin', Skid is.
You'll come, won't you?
The boys are waitin'."
Big tears were in the woman's eyes as she turned toward her husband.
"Oh, Joe," she said, and choked suddenly; but she pressed the baby tightly to her breast.
"I knew 'twould come Thanksgiving."

Best spill it?—wait.
I’ll cure myself of this.
I’ll hold the musket boldly while I think.—I come to report a fair wind to him.
But how fair?
Fair for death and doom,—that’s fair for Moby Dick.
It’s a fair wind that’s only fair for that accursed fish.—The very tube he pointed at me!—the very one; this one—I hold it here; he would have killed me with the very thing I handle now.—Aye and he would fain kill all his crew.
Does he not say he will not strike his spars to any gale?
Has he not dashed his heavenly quadrant?
and in these same perilous seas, gropes he not his way by mere dead reckoning of the error-abounding log?
and in this very Typhoon, did he not swear that he would have no lightning-rods?
But shall this crazed old man be tamely suffered to drag a whole ship’s company down to doom with him?—Yes, it would make him the wilful murderer of thirty men and more, if this ship come to any deadly harm; and come to deadly harm, my soul swears this ship will, if Ahab have his way.
If, then, he were this instant—put aside, that crime would not be his.

Then, “Remarkable Behaviour of an Eminent Scientist,” I heard the Editor say, thinking (after his wont) in headlines.
And this brought my attention back to the bright dinner-table.
“What’s the game?” said the Journalist.
“Has he been doing the Amateur Cadger?
I don’t follow.” I met the eye of the Psychologist, and read my own interpretation in his face.
I thought of the Time Traveller limping painfully upstairs.
I don’t think anyone else had noticed his lameness.
The first to recover completely from this surprise was the Medical Man, who rang the bell—the Time Traveller hated to have servants waiting at dinner—for a hot plate.
At that the Editor turned to his knife and fork with a grunt, and the Silent Man followed suit.
The dinner was resumed.
Conversation was exclamatory for a little while with gaps of wonderment; and then the Editor got fervent in his curiosity.
“Does our friend eke out his modest income with a crossing?

"My Dearest Margaret, 
"I can no longer restrain my passion, and must know my fate before I return.
I dare not tell your parents yet, but I think they would consent if they knew that we adored one another.
Mr. Laurence will help me to some good place, and then, my sweet girl, you will make me happy.
I implore you to say nothing to your family yet, but to send one word of hope through Laurie to, 
"Your devoted John."
"Oh, the little villain!
That's the way he meant to pay me for keeping my word to Mother.
I'll give him a hearty scolding and bring him over to beg pardon," cried Jo, burning to execute immediate justice.
But her mother held her back, saying, with a look she seldom wore...
"Stop, Jo, you must clear yourself first.
You have played so many pranks that I am afraid you have had a hand in this."
"On my word, Mother, I haven't!
I never saw that note before, and don't know anything about it, as true as I live!"
said Jo, so earnestly that they believed her.

Yet I would rather die under my own roof than in a gaol.”
Holmes rose and sat down at the table with his pen in his hand and a bundle of paper before him.
“Just tell us the truth,” he said.
“I shall jot down the facts.
You will sign it, and Watson here can witness it.
Then I could produce your confession at the last extremity to save young McCarthy.
I promise you that I shall not use it unless it is absolutely needed.”
“It’s as well,” said the old man; “it’s a question whether I shall live to the Assizes, so it matters little to me, but I should wish to spare Alice the shock.
And now I will make the thing clear to you; it has been a long time in the acting, but will not take me long to tell.
“You didn’t know this dead man, McCarthy.
He was a devil incarnate.
I tell you that.
God keep you out of the clutches of such a man as he.
His grip has been upon me these twenty years, and he has blasted my life.

This good woman had made for her a little red riding-hood; which became the girl so extremely well that everybody called her Little Red Riding-Hood.
One day her mother, having made some custards, said to her:
“Go, my dear, and see how thy grandmamma does, for I hear she has been very ill; carry her a custard, and this little pot of butter.”
Little Red Riding-Hood set out immediately to go to her grandmother, who lived in another village.
As she was going through the wood, she met with Gaffer Wolf, who had a very great mind to eat her up, but he dared not, because of some faggot-makers hard by in the forest.
He asked her whither she was going.
The poor child, who did not know that it was dangerous to stay and hear a wolf talk, said to him:
“I am going to see my grandmamma and carry her a custard and a little pot of butter from my mamma.”
“Does she live far off?” said the Wolf.
“Oh!
ay,” answered Little Red Riding-Hood; “it is beyond that mill you see there, at the first house in the village.”
“Well,” said the Wolf, “and I’ll go and see her too.
I’ll go this way and you go that, and we shall see who will be there soonest.”
The Wolf began to run as fast as he could, taking the nearest way, and the little girl went by that farthest about, diverting herself in gathering nuts, running after butterflies, and making nosegays of such little flowers as she met with.
The Wolf was not long before he got to the old woman’s house.
He knocked at the door tap, tap.
“Who’s there?”
“Your grandchild, Little Red Riding-Hood,” replied the Wolf, counterfeiting her voice; “who has brought you a custard and a little pot of butter sent you by mamma.”
The good grandmother, who was in bed, because she was somewhat ill, cried out:
“Pull the bobbin, and the latch will go up.”
The Wolf pulled the bobbin, and the door opened, and then presently he fell upon the good woman and ate her up in a moment, for it was above three days that he had not touched a bit.
He then shut the door and went into the grandmother’s bed, expecting Little Red Riding-Hood, who came some time afterward and knocked at the door tap, tap.

So Nora took the pellet from the platter and thanked the gnome kindly and she ate it down, and no sooner had she swallowed it than she was no bigger than the dryad herself.
So the dryad took her by the hand and they walked gaily into the beech-tree door, and the door shut behind them.
They went down and down a lot of winding stairs that were lighted only by small windows in the bark of the tree that Nora had never noticed before and could never find afterward.
It was very cool and pleasant, for they could hear the sap go singing on its way from the roots up to the branches and leaves and when a summer shower went by they could hear the raindrops as they went singing down the trunk outside to the roots.
After they had reached the foot of the stairs they walked for a long way through a cool corridor.
It was not quite dark, for Little People stood at every turn who seemed to be doing what fireflies do on summer nights in the grass, and each one whistling to himself as he held his softly shaded lantern aloft.
Down the side passages Nora could see thousands of tiny miners at work.
And what do you think they are doing?
"Digging for gold and diamonds."
They were tending the woodland plants that hang their golden blossoms in the pathways and carrying up the dewdrops that sparkle like diamonds from their leaves in the daybreak.
And it was pleasant to see them work, for they were all singing.
By and by Nora and the dryad came to a place where there was a brighter light ahead, and as they drew nearer Nora could see that they had come to the bank of the pond that is below Nora's cottage, only that they were under the surface, looking up through a light so soft that it cast no shadows.

'Tis my greatest joy to help the pure and good.
Gentle Lady, look on me.
Thrice upon thy finger tips, thrice upon thy lips, I sprinkle drops from my pure fountain.
Then I touch this marble seat and break the spell.
All is well.
Farewell.
Spirit.
Fair Sabrina, for this aid I pray that all the pretty rills will never cease to flow into your broad river.
May your banks ever be fair with groves and meadows sweet, while all men shall praise you for your gentle deeds.
Farewell.
Now, Lady, let us hasten from this grove.
Your parents await their dear children, and we must hasten ere they become alarmed over your delay.

I pondered some time without fully comprehending the reason for this.
Father Mapple enjoyed such a wide reputation for sincerity and sanctity, that I could not suspect him of courting notoriety by any mere tricks of the stage.
No, thought I, there must be some sober reason for this thing; furthermore, it must symbolize something unseen.
Can it be, then, that by that act of physical isolation, he signifies his spiritual withdrawal for the time, from all outward worldly ties and connexions?
Yes, for replenished with the meat and wine of the word, to the faithful man of God, this pulpit, I see, is a self-containing stronghold—a lofty Ehrenbreitstein, with a perennial well of water within the walls.
But the side ladder was not the only strange feature of the place, borrowed from the chaplain’s former sea-farings.
Between the marble cenotaphs on either hand of the pulpit, the wall which formed its back was adorned with a large painting representing a gallant ship beating against a terrible storm off a lee coast of black rocks and snowy breakers.
But high above the flying scud and dark-rolling clouds, there floated a little isle of sunlight, from which beamed forth an angel’s face; and this bright face shed a distinct spot of radiance upon the ship’s tossed deck, something like that silver plate now inserted into the Victory’s plank where Nelson fell.
“Ah, noble ship,” the angel seemed to say, “beat on, beat on, thou noble ship, and bear a hardy helm; for lo!
the sun is breaking through; the clouds are rolling off—serenest azure is at hand.”
Nor was the pulpit itself without a trace of the same sea-taste that had achieved the ladder and the picture.
Its panelled front was in the likeness of a ship’s bluff bows, and the Holy Bible rested on a projecting piece of scroll work, fashioned after a ship’s fiddle-headed beak.
What could be more full of meaning?—for the pulpit is ever this earth’s foremost part; all the rest comes in its rear; the pulpit leads the world.

She seemed very pleased to meet them, and invited them indoors; they went in, little knowing that she was a witch, and meant evil.
Next day she told them to go and fetch wood, but kept back the eldest to sweep the house, and to keep her company.
In the evening when the other sisters returned, they found their eldest sister was missing; and the witch, who did not wish them to know that she had eaten the child, told them that she had run back to her parents.
The next day she did the same thing, and detained the second sister, and so on until only the youngest was left.
At last the old witch told her to stay at home that day to sweep the house, and look after it while she went out.
The child swept the room, and then, out of curiosity, opened a box which stood in the corner, and, to her horror, she saw inside it the four heads of her sisters!
They were all smiling, and she said: "Why do you smile, O my sisters?"
"Because you will also come here to-day," they replied.
The poor child was much alarmed, and asked what she could do to escape.
"Take all the things in this room, and tie them in a bundle, and as you run, throw them on the road.
When the old witch comes to look for you, she will see the things, and, while she is picking them up, you will have time to escape."
The child quickly did as the heads told her, tied the bundle, and ran away.

"I haven't strength of mind enough to clear up now, so we will sober ourselves with a funeral," said Jo, as they rose, and Miss Crocker made ready to go, being eager to tell the new story at another friend's dinner table.
They did sober themselves for Beth's sake.
Laurie dug a grave under the ferns in the grove, little Pip was laid in, with many tears by his tender-hearted mistress, and covered with moss, while a wreath of violets and chickweed was hung on the stone which bore his epitaph, composed by Jo while she struggled with the dinner.
Here lies Pip March,     Who died the 7th of June;     Loved and lamented sore,     And not forgotten soon.
At the conclusion of the ceremonies, Beth retired to her room, overcome with emotion and lobster, but there was no place of repose, for the beds were not made, and she found her grief much assuaged by beating up the pillows and putting things in order.
Meg helped Jo clear away the remains of the feast, which took half the afternoon and left them so tired that they agreed to be contented with tea and toast for supper.
Laurie took Amy to drive, which was a deed of charity, for the sour cream seemed to have had a bad effect upon her temper.
Mrs. March came home to find the three older girls hard at work in the middle of the afternoon, and a glance at the closet gave her an idea of the success of one part of the experiment.
Before the housewives could rest, several people called, and there was a scramble to get ready to see them.
Then tea must be got, errands done, and one or two necessary bits of sewing neglected until the last minute.
As twilight fell, dewy and still, one by one they gathered on the porch where the June roses were budding beautifully, and each groaned or sighed as she sat down, as if tired or troubled.
"What a dreadful day this has been!"

Now they have gone and I am all alone.
Oh, why couldn't I go, too!
How pretty they all looked!
I would not take up much room, and I don't like to be left here by myself when they are having such a good time.
Oh, dear!
I believe I'm going to cry, but I can't help it.
[Cries.]
[Enter fairy godmother.]
Fairy Godmother.
Why are you crying, Cinderella?
Cinderella.
Who is that?

But as good luck would have it, it was almost evening, and the seven dwarfs soon came home.
When they saw Snow-white lying as if dead upon the ground, they knew at once the Queen had been there, and they looked and found the comb.
Scarcely had they taken it out when Snow-white came to herself, and told them what had happened.
Then they warned her once more to be upon her guard and to open the door to no one.
The Queen, at home, went in front of the Glass, and said:
  "Looking-glass, Looking-glass, on the wall,   Who in this land is the fairest of all?"
Then it answered as before:
  "O Queen, thou art fairest of all I see,   But over the hills, where the seven dwarfs dwell,   Snow-white is still alive and well,   And no one else is so fair as she."
When she heard the Glass speak thus she trembled and shook with rage.
"Snow-white shall die," she cried, "even if it costs me my life!"
She went into a quiet, secret, lonely room, where no one ever came, and there she made an apple full of poison.
It was white with a red cheek, so that every one who saw it longed for it; but whoever ate a piece of it must surely die.
When the apple was ready she painted her face, and dressed herself up as a country-woman, and so she went over the seven hills to the seven dwarfs.
She knocked at the door.

Just let me try these things, and I'll give judgment whose they shall be."
They were very willing to do this; but, as soon as he had got the hat, cloak, and boots, he said:
"When we meet next time, I'll tell you my judgment," and with these words he wished himself away.
So as he went along up in the air, he came up with the North wind.
"Whither away?"
roared the North Wind.
"To Whiteland," said the King; and then he told him all that had befallen him.
"Ah," said the North Wind, "you go faster than I you do; for you can go straight, while I have to puff and blow round every turn and corner.
But when you get there, just place yourself on the stairs by the side of the door, and then I'll come storming in, as though I were going to blow down the whole castle.
And then when the prince, who is to have your Queen, comes out to see what's the matter, just you take him by the collar and pitch him out of doors; then I'll look after him, and see if I can't carry him off."
Well, the King did as the North Wind said.
He took his stand on the stairs, and when the North Wind came, storming and roaring, and took hold of the castle wall, so that it shook again, the prince came out to see what was the matter.
But as soon as ever he came, the King caught him by the collar and pitched him out of doors, and then the North Wind caught him up and carried him off.

The old woman shook her head and muttered over the little pile of wood, but she fed the fire, and then turned and looked down the long white trail.
"No Joe yet," she said, with a sympathetic glance toward the bed.
She looked at the thick gray clouds, and added, "Heap snow soon."
But the night came down and the evening passed, while the women waited anxiously.
It was near midnight when the wife's face lighted up suddenly at a sound outside, and directly there was a pounding, uncertain step on the threshold.
The door opened and Bennett came in clumsily.
The woman's little glad cry of welcome was changed to one of apprehension at her husband's appearance.
The resolute swing and bearing of the lumberman that had returned as he regained his strength were gone.
He clumped across the room unsteadily on a pair of rude crutches, his left foot swathed in bandages a big, ungainly bundle.
"What is it, Joe?"
the wife asked anxiously.
"Just more of my precious luck, that's all, Nannie."

"Oh, I can't!"
said the little boy.
"I'm too hot!"
The little boy's father happened to be close by, weeding the geranium bed; and when he heard this, he lifted the little boy gently by his waistband, and dipped him in the great tub of water that stood ready for watering the plants.
"There, my son!"
said the father.
"Now you are cool enough to go and get the lettuce; but remember next time that it will be easier to go at once when you are told, as then you will not have to change your clothes."
The little boy went drip, drip, dripping out into the garden and brought the lettuce; then he went drip, drip, dripping into the house and changed his clothes; but he said never a word, for he knew there was nothing to say.
That is the way they do things where the little boy lives.
Would you like to live there?
Perhaps not; yet he is a happy little boy, and he is learning the truth of the old saying, 
   "Come when you're called, do as you're bid,     Shut the door after you, and you'll never be chid."
NEW YEAR 
The little sweet Child tied on her hood, and put on her warm cloak and mittens.

But for all that she took the packet of seeds and hid it in her dress.
7.
Would you have done as the wise woman told you if you had been the bride?
8.
Ought Kadali-Garbha to have told the king about the mustard seed?
After the wedding was over, the king mounted his beautiful horse, and bending down, took his young wife up before him.
Holding her close to him with his right arm, he held the reins in his left hand; and away they went, soon leaving all the attendants far behind them, the queen scattering the mustard seed as she had promised to do.
When they arrived at the palace there were great rejoicings, and everybody seemed charmed with the queen, who was full of eager interest in all that she saw.
For several weeks there was nobody in the wide world so happy and light-hearted as the bride.
The king spent many hours a day with her, and was never tired of listening to all she had to tell him about her life in the forest with her father.
Every day he gave her some fresh proof of his love, and he never refused to do anything she asked him to do.
But presently a change came.

For the first time in several weeks he felt positively light-hearted.
CHAPTER XXIV 
THE CAMPAIGN QUICKENS 
Mr. Jarvis was as good as his word.
Early in the afternoon he made his appearance at the office of Peaceful Moments, his forelock more than usually well oiled in honor of the occasion, and his right coat-pocket bulging in a manner that betrayed to the initiated eye the presence of his trusty "canister."
With him, in addition, he brought a long, thin young man who wore under his brown tweed coat a blue-and-red striped sweater.
Whether he brought him as an ally in case of need or merely as a kindred soul with whom he might commune during his vigil, did not appear.
Pugsy, startled out of his wonted calm by the arrival of this distinguished company, gazed after the pair, as they passed into the inner office, with protruding eyes.
John greeted the allies warmly, and explained Smith's absence.
Mr.
Jarvis listened to the story with interest, and introduced his colleague.
"T'ought I'd let him chase along.
Long Otto's his monaker."
"Sure!"
said John.

No one spoke of it or seemed aware of it, for it had come too gradually to startle those who saw her daily, but to eyes sharpened by absence, it was very plain and a heavy weight fell on Jo's heart as she saw her sister's face.
It was no paler and but littler thinner than in the autumn, yet there was a strange, transparent look about it, as if the mortal was being slowly refined away, and the immortal shining through the frail flesh with an indescribably pathetic beauty.
Jo saw and felt it, but said nothing at the time, and soon the first impression lost much of its power, for Beth seemed happy, no one appeared to doubt that she was better, and presently in other cares Jo for a time forgot her fear.
But when Laurie was gone, and peace prevailed again, the vague anxiety returned and haunted her.
She had confessed her sins and been forgiven, but when she showed her savings and proposed a mountain trip, Beth had thanked her heartily, but begged not to go so far away from home.
Another little visit to the seashore would suit her better, and as Grandma could not be prevailed upon to leave the babies, Jo took Beth down to the quiet place, where she could live much in the open air, and let the fresh sea breezes blow a little color into her pale cheeks.
It was not a fashionable place, but even among the pleasant people there, the girls made few friends, preferring to live for one another.
Beth was too shy to enjoy society, and Jo too wrapped up in her to care for anyone else.
So they were all in all to each other, and came and went, quite unconscious of the interest they excited in those about them, who watched with sympathetic eyes the strong sister and the feeble one, always together, as if they felt instinctively that a long separation was not far away.
They did feel it, yet neither spoke of it, for often between ourselves and those nearest and dearest to us there exists a reserve which it is very hard to overcome.
Jo felt as if a veil had fallen between her heart and Beth's, but when she put out her hand to lift it up, there seemed something sacred in the silence, and she waited for Beth to speak.
She wondered, and was thankful also, that her parents did not seem to see what she saw, and during the quiet weeks when the shadows grew so plain to her, she said nothing of it to those at home, believing that it would tell itself when Beth came back no better.

I was prompt with my answer, however, for I saw where my advantage lay and that with a fellow so densely stupid I could easily conceal my suspicions to the end.
“Some wine?” I said.
“Far better.
Will you have white or red?”
“Well, I reckon it's about the blessed same to me, shipmate,” he replied; “so it's strong, and plenty of it, what's the odds?”
“All right,” I answered.
“I'll bring you port, Mr.
Hands.
But I'll have to dig for it.”
With that I scuttled down the companion with all the noise I could, slipped off my shoes, ran quietly along the sparred gallery, mounted the forecastle ladder, and popped my head out of the fore companion.
I knew he would not expect to see me there, yet I took every precaution possible, and certainly the worst of my suspicions proved too true.
He had risen from his position to his hands and knees, and though his leg obviously hurt him pretty sharply when he moved for I could hear him stifle a groan yet it was at a good, rattling rate that he trailed himself across the deck.
In half a minute he had reached the port scuppers and picked, out of a coil of rope, a long knife, or rather a short dirk, discoloured to the hilt with blood.
He looked upon it for a moment, thrusting forth his under jaw, tried the point upon his hand, and then, hastily concealing it in the bosom of his jacket, trundled back again into his old place against the bulwark.
This was all that I required to know.

"Can you not see that for yourself?
You live on this small island, while I live in the sea, which spreads through all parts of the world, so if I call together all the crocodiles who dwell in the sea you hares will be as nothing compared to us!"
The crocodile was very conceited.
The hare, who meant to play a trick on the crocodile, said:
"Do you think it possible for you to call up enough crocodiles to form a line from this island across the sea to Inaba?"
The crocodile thought for a moment and then answered:
"Of course, it is possible."
"Then do try," said the artful hare, "and I will count the number from here!"
The crocodile, who was very simple-minded, and who hadn't the least idea that the hare intended to play a trick on him, agreed to do what the hare asked, and said:
"Wait a little while I go back into the sea and call my company together!"
The crocodile plunged into the sea and was gone for some time.
The hare, meanwhile, waited patiently on the shore.
At last the crocodile appeared, bringing with him a large number of other crocodiles.
"Look, Mr.
Hare!"

The land literally flowed with milk and honey on such occasions, for the lads were not required to sit at table, but allowed to partake of refreshment as they liked freedom being the sauce best beloved by the boyish soul.
They availed themselves of the rare privilege to the fullest extent, for some tried the pleasing experiment of drinking milk while standing on their heads, others lent a charm to leapfrog by eating pie in the pauses of the game, cookies were sown broadcast over the field, and apple turnovers roosted in the trees like a new style of bird.
The little girls had a private tea party, and Ted roved among the edibles at his own sweet will.
When no one could eat any more, the Professor proposed the first regular toast, which was always drunk at such times "Aunt March, God bless her!"
A toast heartily given by the good man, who never forgot how much he owed her, and quietly drunk by the boys, who had been taught to keep her memory green.
"Now, Grandma's sixtieth birthday!
Long life to her, with three times three!"
That was given with a will, as you may well believe, and the cheering once begun, it was hard to stop it.
Everybody's health was proposed, from Mr. Laurence, who was considered their special patron, to the astonished guinea pig, who had strayed from its proper sphere in search of its young master.
Demi, as the oldest grandchild, then presented the queen of the day with various gifts, so numerous that they were transported to the festive scene in a wheelbarrow.
Funny presents, some of them, but what would have been defects to other eyes were ornaments to Grandma's for the children's gifts were all their own.
Every stitch Daisy's patient little fingers had put into the handkerchiefs she hemmed was better than embroidery to Mrs. March.

Colonel Brandon's delicate, unobtrusive enquiries were never unwelcome to Miss Dashwood.
He had abundantly earned the privilege of intimate discussion of her sister's disappointment, by the friendly zeal with which he had endeavoured to soften it, and they always conversed with confidence.
His chief reward for the painful exertion of disclosing past sorrows and present humiliations, was given in the pitying eye with which Marianne sometimes observed him, and the gentleness of her voice whenever (though it did not often happen) she was obliged, or could oblige herself to speak to him.
THESE assured him that his exertion had produced an increase of good-will towards himself, and THESE gave Elinor hopes of its being farther augmented hereafter; but Mrs. Jennings, who knew nothing of all this, who knew only that the Colonel continued as grave as ever, and that she could neither prevail on him to make the offer himself, nor commission her to make it for him, began, at the end of two days, to think that, instead of Midsummer, they would not be married till Michaelmas, and by the end of a week that it would not be a match at all.
The good understanding between the Colonel and Miss Dashwood seemed rather to declare that the honours of the mulberry-tree, the canal, and the yew arbour, would all be made over to HER; and Mrs. Jennings had, for some time ceased to think at all of Mrs. Ferrars.
Early in February, within a fortnight from the receipt of Willoughby's letter, Elinor had the painful office of informing her sister that he was married.
She had taken care to have the intelligence conveyed to herself, as soon as it was known that the ceremony was over, as she was desirous that Marianne should not receive the first notice of it from the public papers, which she saw her eagerly examining every morning.
She received the news with resolute composure; made no observation on it, and at first shed no tears; but after a short time they would burst out, and for the rest of the day, she was in a state hardly less pitiable than when she first learnt to expect the event.
The Willoughbys left town as soon as they were married; and Elinor now hoped, as there could be no danger of her seeing either of them, to prevail on her sister, who had never yet left the house since the blow first fell, to go out again by degrees as she had done before.
About this time the two Miss Steeles, lately arrived at their cousin's house in Bartlett's Buildings, Holburn, presented themselves again before their more grand relations in Conduit and Berkeley Streets; and were welcomed by them all with great cordiality.
Elinor only was sorry to see them.
Their presence always gave her pain, and she hardly knew how to make a very gracious return to the overpowering delight of Lucy in finding her STILL in town.

"None of that, it is forbidden.
I'd rather take coffee than compliments just now.
No, don't lounge, it makes me nervous."
Laurie sat bold upright, and meekly took her empty plate feeling an odd sort of pleasure in having 'little Amy' order him about, for she had lost her shyness now, and felt an irrestible desire to trample on him, as girls have a delightful way of doing when lords of creation show any signs of subjection.
"Where did you learn all this sort of thing?"
he asked with a quizzical look.
"As 'this sort of thing' is rather a vague expression, would you kindly explain?"
returned Amy, knowing perfectly well what he meant, but wickedly leaving him to describe what is indescribable.
"Well the general air, the style, the self-possession, the the illusion you know", laughed Laurie, breaking down and helping himself out of his quandary with the new word.
Amy was gratified, but of course didn't show it, and demurely answered, "Foreign life polishes one in spite of one's self.
I study as well as play, and as for this" with a little gesture toward her dress "why, tulle is cheap, posies to be had for nothing, and I am used to making the most of my poor little things."
Amy rather regretted that last sentence, fearing it wasn't in good taste, but Laurie liked her better for it, and found himself both admiring and respecting the brave patience that made the most of opportunity, and the cheerful spirit that covered poverty with flowers.

"But why all the fuss?
Your stepfather isn't the man to mind public opinion "
"But don't you see?
It's as Mr. Smith said.
The private reason.
It's as clear as daylight.
Naturally he would do anything rather than be found out.
Don't you see?
Because of Mrs.
Oakley."
"Because of Mrs.
Oakley?"
"You don't know her as I do.

You've made a mistake!"
cried Bert.
"A bargain's a bargain.
You've given me a cent too much."
"No, I didn't.
I never give anybody a cent too much."
"But, see here!"
And Bert showed the two cents, offering to return one.
"No matter," said the old man, "it will be so much less for my dinner, that's all."
Bert had instinctively pocketed the pennies when, on a moment's reflection, his sympathies were excited.
"Poor old man!"
he thought; "he's seen better days I guess.

It's the horse!
They're after you, Joe, sure!"
She caught her husband's arm.
The men were now filling up the little space before the shack.
Directly there came a sounding knock.
Bennett opened the door to admit the burly frame of Posey Breem.
He said quietly:
"I'm here all right, Pose, and I took your horse, but  "
"Burn the hoss!"
said Breem explosively.
"That's all right.
Shake, pard!"
He held out a brawny hand.
Bennett "shook" wonderingly.

By good luck a butcher came by just then, and he delivered them over to him, and made the bargain in this way, that he should take the butcher a measure of turnip-seed, and then the butcher was to count him out a Brabant thaler for every seed.
I call that well sold!
The peasant now went home, and carried the measure of turnip-seed to him on his back.
On the way, however, he lost one seed out of the bag.
The butcher paid him justly as agreed on, and if the peasant had not lost the seed, he would have had one thaler the more.
In the meantime, when he went on his way back, the seed had grown into a tree which reached up to the sky.
Then thought the peasant, “As thou hast the chance, thou must just see what the angels are doing up there above, and for once have them before thine eyes.” So he climbed up, and saw that the angels above were threshing oats, and he looked on.
While he was thus watching them, he observed that the tree on which he was standing, was beginning to totter; he peeped down, and saw that someone was just going to cut it down.
“If I were to fall down from hence it would be a bad thing,” thought he, and in his necessity he did not know how to save himself better than by taking the chaff of the oats which lay there in heaps, and twisting a rope of it.
He likewise snatched a hoe and a flail which were lying about in heaven, and let himself down by the rope.
But he came down on the earth exactly in the middle of a deep, deep hole.
So it was a real piece of luck that he had brought the hoe, for he hoed himself a flight of steps with it, and mounted up, and took the flail with him as a token of his truth, so that no one could have any doubt of his story.

"How delicious that peach must be!"
she said to herself.
"I must certainly get it and take it home to my old man."
She stretched out her arm to try and get it, but it was quite out of her reach.
She looked about for a stick, but there was not one to be seen, and if she went to look for one she would lose the peach.
Stopping a moment to think what she would do, she remembered an old charm-verse.
Now she began to clap her hands to keep time to the rolling of the peach down stream, and while she clapped she sang this song:
  "Distant water is bitter,    The near water is sweet;    Pass by the distant water    And come into the sweet."
Strange to say, as soon as she began to repeat this little song the peach began to come nearer and nearer the bank where the old woman was standing, till at last it stopped just in front of her so that she was able to take it up in her hands.
The old woman was delighted.
She could not go on with her work, so happy and excited was she, so she put all the clothes back in her bamboo basket, and with the basket on her back and the peach in her hand she hurried homewards.
It seemed a very long time to her to wait till her husband returned.
The old man at last came back as the sun was setting, with a big bundle of grass on his back so big that he was almost hidden and she could hardly see him.

And when he got there he found a long broad road going as straight as a dart.
So he walked along and he walked along and he walked along till he came to a great big tall house, and on the doorstep there was a great big tall woman.
“Good morning, mum,” says Jack, quite polite-like.
“Could you be so kind as to give me some breakfast.” For he hadn't had anything to eat, you know, the night before and was as hungry as a hunter.
“It's breakfast you want, is it?” says the great big tall woman, “it's breakfast you'll be if you don't move off from here.
My man is an ogre and there's nothing he likes better than boys broiled on toast.
You'd better be moving on or he'll soon be coming.”
“Oh!
please mum, do give me something to eat, mum.
I've had nothing to eat since yesterday morning, really and truly, mum,” says Jack.
“I may as well be broiled, as die of hunger.”
Well, the ogre's wife wasn't such a bad sort, after all.
So she took Jack into the kitchen, and gave him a junk of bread and cheese and a jug of milk.
But Jack hadn't half finished these when thump!

Sara clutched her little fourpenny piece and hesitated for a few seconds.
Then she spoke to her.
"Are you hungry?"
she asked.
The child shuffled herself and her rags a little more.
"Ain't I jist?"
she said in a hoarse voice.
"Jist ain't I?"
"Haven't you had any dinner?"
said Sara.
"No dinner," more hoarsely still and with more shuffling.
"Nor yet no bre'fast nor yet no supper.

The coach having rolled away, with the olive-branches in the boot and the family of doves inside, Martin Chuzzlewit and Tom Pinch were left together.
Now, there was something in the very simplicity of Pinch that invited confidences, and young Martin could not refrain from telling his story.
"I must talk openly to somebody," he began, "I'll talk openly to you.
You must know, then, that I have been bred up from childhood with great expectations, and have always been taught to believe that one day I should be very rich.
Certain things, however, have led to my being disinherited."
"By your father?"
inquired Tom.
"By my grandfather.
I have had no parents these many years.
Now, my grandfather has a great many good points, but he has two very great faults, which are the staple of his bad side.
He has the most confirmed obstinacy of character, and he is most abominably selfish; I have heard that these are failings of our family, and I have to be very thankful that they haven't descended to me.
Now I come to the cream of my story, and the occasion of my being here.

Colin slowly sat up and stared and stared—as he had stared when he first saw Mary; but this was a stare of wonder and delight.
The truth was that in spite of all he had heard he had not in the least understood what this boy would be like and that his fox and his crow and his squirrels and his lamb were so near to him and his friendliness that they seemed almost to be part of himself.
Colin had never talked to a boy in his life and he was so overwhelmed by his own pleasure and curiosity that he did not even think of speaking.
But Dickon did not feel the least shy or awkward.
He had not felt embarrassed because the crow had not known his language and had only stared and had not spoken to him the first time they met.
Creatures were always like that until they found out about you.
He walked over to Colin’s sofa and put the new-born lamb quietly on his lap, and immediately the little creature turned to the warm velvet dressing-gown and began to nuzzle and nuzzle into its folds and butt its tight-curled head with soft impatience against his side.
Of course no boy could have helped speaking then.
“What is it doing?” cried Colin.
“What does it want?”
“It wants its mother,” said Dickon, smiling more and more.
“I brought it to thee a bit hungry because I knowed tha’d like to see it feed.”
He knelt down by the sofa and took a feeding-bottle from his pocket.
“Come on, little ’un,” he said, turning the small woolly white head with a gentle brown hand.

“You have heard of this Flint, I suppose?”
“Heard of him!” cried the squire.
“Heard of him, you say!
He was the bloodthirstiest buccaneer that sailed.
Blackbeard was a child to Flint.
The Spaniards were so prodigiously afraid of him that, I tell you, sir, I was sometimes proud he was an Englishman.
I've seen his top-sails with these eyes, off Trinidad, and the cowardly son of a rum-puncheon that I sailed with put back put back, sir, into Port of Spain.”
“Well, I've heard of him myself, in England,” said the doctor.
“But the point is, had he money?”
“Money!” cried the squire.
“Have you heard the story?
What were these villains after but money?
What do they care for but money?
For what would they risk their rascal carcasses but money?”
“That we shall soon know,” replied the doctor.
“But you are so confoundedly hot-headed and exclamatory that I cannot get a word in.

To this, in substance, he replied, that though what I hinted was true enough, yet he had a particular affection for his own harpoon, because it was of assured stuff, well tried in many a mortal combat, and deeply intimate with the hearts of whales.
In short, like many inland reapers and mowers, who go into the farmers’ meadows armed with their own scythes—though in no wise obliged to furnish them—even so, Queequeg, for his own private reasons, preferred his own harpoon.
Shifting the barrow from my hand to his, he told me a funny story about the first wheelbarrow he had ever seen.
It was in Sag Harbor.
The owners of his ship, it seems, had lent him one, in which to carry his heavy chest to his boarding house.
Not to seem ignorant about the thing—though in truth he was entirely so, concerning the precise way in which to manage the barrow—Queequeg puts his chest upon it; lashes it fast; and then shoulders the barrow and marches up the wharf.
“Why,”
said I, “Queequeg, you might have known better than that, one would think.
Didn’t the people laugh?”
Upon this, he told me another story.
The people of his island of Rokovoko, it seems, at their wedding feasts express the fragrant water of young cocoanuts into a large stained calabash like a punchbowl; and this punchbowl always forms the great central ornament on the braided mat where the feast is held.
Now a certain grand merchant ship once touched at Rokovoko, and its commander—from all accounts, a very stately punctilious gentleman, at least for a sea captain—this commander was invited to the wedding feast of Queequeg’s sister, a pretty young princess just turned of ten.
Well; when all the wedding guests were assembled at the bride’s bamboo cottage, this Captain marches in, and being assigned the post of honor, placed himself over against the punchbowl, and between the High Priest and his majesty the King, Queequeg’s father.
Grace being said,—for those people have their grace as well as we—though Queequeg told me that unlike us, who at such times look downwards to our platters, they, on the contrary, copying the ducks, glance upwards to the great Giver of all feasts—Grace, I say, being said, the High Priest opens the banquet by the immemorial ceremony of the island; that is, dipping his consecrated and consecrating fingers into the bowl before the blessed beverage circulates.

Still, she could not take the risk of hurrying.
Finally, only four feet separated her from the quarry.
With the superb self control of the savage she waited several minutes, then, when the seal lowered its head again on the pan, she sprung at it, driving her knife clear through the hind flippers deep into the ice.
With the whole weight of her body thrown on the handle she remained there, pinning the huge animal on the floe.
As long as the knife held, the seal, head and shoulders over the edge, could not dive.
The infuriated animal tried to turn around and baring its cruel fangs, snapped at her.
Its bulk was so huge that the yellow teeth just failed to reach her face.
For an hour the woman and the beast strained against one another.
Meanwhile the mother, who had been keeping watch on the shore, was hobbling over the ice towards them in a frenzy of excitement.
She knew that her daughter’s strength would have to give way sooner or later and that the time had now come for her to hasten to the rescue.
Screaming shrilly, scrambling from pan to pan, she covered the distance as fast as she could in spite of her lameness.
When she reached the seal she attacked it fearlessly.

Amy is my chief care now, but her good sense will help her.
For Beth, I indulge no hopes except that she may be well.
By the way, she seems brighter this last day or two.
Have you spoken to her?'
"Yes, she owned she had a trouble, and promised to tell me by-and-by.
I said no more, for I think I know it," and Jo told her little story.
Mrs. March shook her head, and did not take so romantic a view of the case, but looked grave, and repeated her opinion that for Laurie's sake Jo should go away for a time.
"Let us say nothing about it to him till the plan is settled, then I'll run away before he can collect his wits and be tragic.
Beth must think I'm going to please myself, as I am, for I can't talk about Laurie to her.
But she can pet and comfort him after I'm gone, and so cure him of this romantic notion.
He's been through so many little trials of the sort, he's used to it, and will soon get over his lovelornity."
Jo spoke hopefully, but could not rid herself of the foreboding fear that this 'little trial' would be harder than the others, and that Laurie would not get over his 'lovelornity' as easily as heretofore.

“So soon?”
Miss Manette had taken some refreshment on the road, and required none then, and was extremely anxious to see the gentleman from Tellson's immediately, if it suited his pleasure and convenience.
The gentleman from Tellson's had nothing left for it but to empty his glass with an air of stolid desperation, settle his odd little flaxen wig at the ears, and follow the waiter to Miss Manette's apartment.
It was a large, dark room, furnished in a funereal manner with black horsehair, and loaded with heavy dark tables.
These had been oiled and oiled, until the two tall candles on the table in the middle of the room were gloomily reflected on every leaf; as if they were buried, in deep graves of black mahogany, and no light to speak of could be expected from them until they were dug out.
The obscurity was so difficult to penetrate that Mr. Lorry, picking his way over the well-worn Turkey carpet, supposed Miss Manette to be, for the moment, in some adjacent room, until, having got past the two tall candles, he saw standing to receive him by the table between them and the fire, a young lady of not more than seventeen, in a riding-cloak, and still holding her straw travelling-hat by its ribbon in her hand.
As his eyes rested on a short, slight, pretty figure, a quantity of golden hair, a pair of blue eyes that met his own with an inquiring look, and a forehead with a singular capacity (remembering how young and smooth it was), of rifting and knitting itself into an expression that was not quite one of perplexity, or wonder, or alarm, or merely of a bright fixed attention, though it included all the four expressions as his eyes rested on these things, a sudden vivid likeness passed before him, of a child whom he had held in his arms on the passage across that very Channel, one cold time, when the hail drifted heavily and the sea ran high.
The likeness passed away, like a breath along the surface of the gaunt pier-glass behind her, on the frame of which, a hospital procession of negro cupids, several headless and all cripples, were offering black baskets of Dead Sea fruit to black divinities of the feminine gender and he made his formal bow to Miss Manette.
“Pray take a seat, sir.” In a very clear and pleasant young voice; a little foreign in its accent, but a very little indeed.
“I kiss your hand, miss,” said Mr. Lorry, with the manners of an earlier date, as he made his formal bow again, and took his seat.
“I received a letter from the Bank, sir, yesterday, informing me that some intelligence or discovery ”
“The word is not material, miss; either word will do.”
“ respecting the small property of my poor father, whom I never saw so long dead ”
Mr. Lorry moved in his chair, and cast a troubled look towards the hospital procession of negro cupids.
As if they had any help for anybody in their absurd baskets!
“ rendered it necessary that I should go to Paris, there to communicate with a gentleman of the Bank, so good as to be despatched to Paris for the purpose.”
“Myself.”
“As I was prepared to hear, sir.”
She curtseyed to him (young ladies made curtseys in those days), with a pretty desire to convey to him that she felt how much older and wiser he was than she.

“Tell me, how was she when you left her?”
“She is a woman who is seeking...”
“Seeking?”
“She seems always to be searching about, as if she had lost something.
The mere idea of her coming marriage disgusts her; she looks on it as an insult.
She cares as much for him as for a piece of orange-peel not more.
Yet I am much mistaken if she does not look on him with fear and trembling.
She forbids his name to be mentioned before her, and they only meet when unavoidable.
He understands, well enough!
But it must be gone through.
She is restless, mocking, deceitful, violent....”
“Deceitful and violent?”
“Yes, violent.
I can give you a proof of it.
A few days ago she tried to pull my hair because I said something that annoyed her.
I tried to soothe her by reading the Apocalypse aloud.”
“What?” exclaimed the prince, thinking he had not heard aright.
“By reading the Apocalypse.

It was the right stuff.
The kid stopped bellowing and began to smear his face with the stuff.
"Well?"
said Freddie, when silence had set in.
I explained the idea.
After a while it began to strike him.
"You're not such a fool as you look, sometimes, Reggie," he said handsomely.
"I'm bound to say this seems pretty good."
And he disentangled the kid from the honey-jar and took him out, to scour the beach for Angela.
I don't know when I've felt so happy.
I was so fond of dear old Freddie that to know that he was soon going to be his old bright self again made me feel as if somebody had left me about a million pounds.
I was leaning back in a chair on the veranda, smoking peacefully, when down the road I saw the old boy returning, and, by George, the kid was still with him.

“It is you, Monseigneur!
Monseigneur, a petition.”
With an exclamation of impatience, but with his unchangeable face, Monseigneur looked out.
“How, then!
What is it?
Always petitions!”
“Monseigneur.
For the love of the great God!
My husband, the forester.”
“What of your husband, the forester?
Always the same with you people.
He cannot pay something?”
“He has paid all, Monseigneur.
He is dead.”
“Well!
He is quiet.
Can I restore him to you?”
“Alas, no, Monseigneur!

It was after this that Paul had Big Ole make the "Down-Cutter."
This was a rig like a mowing machine.
They drove around eight townships and cut a swath 500 feet wide.
Paul Bunyan's Trained Ants are proving so successful that they may replace donkeys and tractors on the rugged slopes of the Sierras.
Inspired by his success with Bees and Mosquitoes, Paul has developed a breed of Ants that stand six feet tall and weigh 200 pounds.
To overcome their habit of hibernating all Winter, Paul supplied the Ants with Mackinaws made with three pairs of sleeves or legs.
They eat nothing but Copenhagen Snuff.
The Ants (or Uncles as they prefer to be called) can run to the Westwood shops with a damaged locomotive quicker than the Wrecking Crew can come out.
They do not patronize bootleggers or require time off to fix their automobiles.
Lucy, Paul Bunyan's cow was not, so far as we can learn, related to either Babe or Benny.
Statements that she was in any way their mother are without basis in fact.
The two oxen had been in Paul's possession for a long time before Lucy arrived on the scene.

The Republic gave it to you.
The Republic's finished.
If you want to conduct a Casino in Mervo, there's only one man who can give you permission, and that's myself.
The acts of the Republic are not binding on me.
For a week you have been gambling on this island without a concession and now it's going to stop.
Do you understand?"
"But, Prince, talk sense."
Mr. Scobell's voice was almost tearful.
"It's you who don't understand.
Do, for the love of Mike, come down off the roof and talk sense.
Do you suppose that these guys here will stand for this?
Not on your life.

I've got in my pocket     crutches for lame ducks, spectacles for blind     bumble-bees, pack-saddles and panniers for     grasshoppers, and many other needful things.
Surely I can cure this poor man.
Here, Slasher, take a little out of my bottle, and let     it run down thy throttle; and if thou beest not     quite slain, rise, man, and fight again.
[SLASHER rises.]
SLASHER.
Oh, my back!
FOOL.
What's amiss with thy back?
SLASHER.
My back is wounded, And my heart is confounded; To be struck out of seven senses into fourscore, The like was never seen in Old England before.
[Trumpet sounds for ST.
DAVID.]

What I'm trying to do is to make a home for her, so we can live together and eat our Thanksgiving dinners together some time.
Some boys want one thing, some another.
There's one goes in for good times; another's in such a hurry to get rich he don't care much how he does it; but what I want most of anything is to be with my mother and my two sisters again, and I ain't ashamed to say so."
Bert's eyes grew very tender, and he went on, while his companion across the table watched him with a very gentle, searching look.
"I haven't been with her now for two years, hardly at all since father died.
When his business was settled up he kept a little grocery store on Hanover Street it was found he hadn't left us anything.
We had lived pretty well up to that time, and I and my two sisters had been to school; but then mother had to do something, and her friends got her places to go out nursing, and she's a nurse now.
Everybody likes her, and she has enough to do.
We couldn't be with her, of course.
She got us boarded at a good place, but I saw how hard it was going to be for her to support us, so I said, 'I'm a boy; I can do something for myself.
You just pay their board, and keep 'em to school, and I'll go to work, and maybe help you a little, besides taking care of myself.'"
"What could you do?"

Babe could pull anything that had two ends to it.
Babe was seven axehandles wide between the eyes according to some authorities; others equally dependable say forty-two axehandles and a plug of tobacco.
Like other historical contradictions this comes from using different standards.
Seven of Paul's axehandles were equal to a little more than forty-two of the ordinary kind.
When cost sheets were figured on Babe, Johnny Inkslinger found that upkeep and overhead were expensive but the charges for operation and depreciation were low and the efficiency was very high.
How else could Paul have hauled logs to the landing a whole section (640 acres) at a time?
He also used Babe to pull the kinks out of the crooked logging roads and it was on a job of this kind that Babe pulled a chain of three-inch links out into a straight bar.
They could never keep Babe more than one night at a camp for he would eat in one day all the feed one crew could tote to camp in a year.
For a snack between meals he would eat fifty bales of hay, wire and all and six men with picaroons were kept busy picking the wire out of his teeth.
Babe was a great pet and very docile as a general thing but he seemed to have a sense of humor and frequently got into mischief, He would sneak up behind a drive and drink all the water out of the river, leaving the logs high and dry.
It was impossible to build an ox-sling big enough to hoist Babe off the ground for shoeing, but after they logged off Dakota there was room for Babe to lie down for this operation.
Once in a while Babe would run away and be gone all day roaming all over the Northwestern country.

The horses of the army and of the royal stables were no longer shy, having been daily led before me; and one of the Emperor’s huntsmen, on a large courser, took my foot, shoe and all, which was indeed a prodigious leap.
I amused the Emperor one day in a very extraordinary manner.
I took nine sticks, and fixed them firmly in the ground in a square.
Then I took four other sticks, and tied them parallel at each corner, about two feet from the ground.
I fastened my handkerchief to the nine sticks that stood erect, and extended it on all sides till it was as tight as the top of a drum; and I desired the Emperor to let a troop of his best horse, twenty-four in number, come and exercise upon this plain.
His majesty approved of the proposal, and I took them up one by one, with the proper officers to exercise them.
As soon as they got into order they divided into two parties, discharged blunt arrows, drew their swords, fled and pursued, and, in short, showed the best military discipline I ever beheld.
The parallel sticks secured them and their horses from falling off the stage, and the Emperor was so much delighted that he ordered this entertainment to be repeated several days, and persuaded the Empress herself to let me hold her in her chair within two yards of the stage, whence she could view the whole performance.
Fortunately no accident happened, only once a fiery horse, pawing with his hoof, struck a hole in my handkerchief, and overthrew his rider and himself.
But I immediately relieved them both, and covering the hole with one hand, I set down the troop with the other as I had taken them up.
The horse that fell was strained in the shoulder; but the rider was not hurt, and I repaired my handkerchief as well as I could.
However, I would not trust to the strength of it any more in such dangerous enterprises.

The call went echoing down the empty aisles and died out in the distance in a faint sound that resembled a ripple of mocking laughter.
“Oh, don't do it again, Tom, it is too horrid,” said Becky.
“It is horrid, but I better, Becky; they might hear us, you know,” and he shouted again.
The “might” was even a chillier horror than the ghostly laughter, it so confessed a perishing hope.
The children stood still and listened; but there was no result.
Tom turned upon the back track at once, and hurried his steps.
It was but a little while before a certain indecision in his manner revealed another fearful fact to Becky he could not find his way back!
“Oh, Tom, you didn't make any marks!”
“Becky, I was such a fool!
Such a fool!
I never thought we might want to come back!
No I can't find the way.
It's all mixed up.”
“Tom, Tom, we're lost!

She dreamt that the Neverland had come too near and that a strange boy had broken through from it.
He did not alarm her, for she thought she had seen him before in the faces of many women who have no children.
Perhaps he is to be found in the faces of some mothers also.
But in her dream he had rent the film that obscures the Neverland, and she saw Wendy and John and Michael peeping through the gap.
The dream by itself would have been a trifle, but while she was dreaming the window of the nursery blew open, and a boy did drop on the floor.
He was accompanied by a strange light, no bigger than your fist, which darted about the room like a living thing and I think it must have been this light that wakened Mrs.
Darling.
She started up with a cry, and saw the boy, and somehow she knew at once that he was Peter Pan.
If you or I or Wendy had been there we should have seen that he was very like Mrs.
Darling's kiss.
He was a lovely boy, clad in skeleton leaves and the juices that ooze out of trees but the most entrancing thing about him was that he had all his first teeth.
When he saw she was a grown-up, he gnashed the little pearls at her.

Think again.
This is not your proper occupation.
Think, dear friend!”
Nothing would induce him to speak more.
He looked up, for an instant at a time, when he was requested to do so; but, no persuasion would extract a word from him.
He worked, and worked, and worked, in silence, and words fell on him as they would have fallen on an echoless wall, or on the air.
The only ray of hope that Mr. Lorry could discover, was, that he sometimes furtively looked up without being asked.
In that, there seemed a faint expression of curiosity or perplexity as though he were trying to reconcile some doubts in his mind.
Two things at once impressed themselves on Mr. Lorry, as important above all others; the first, that this must be kept secret from Lucie; the second, that it must be kept secret from all who knew him.
In conjunction with Miss Pross, he took immediate steps towards the latter precaution, by giving out that the Doctor was not well, and required a few days of complete rest.
In aid of the kind deception to be practised on his daughter, Miss Pross was to write, describing his having been called away professionally, and referring to an imaginary letter of two or three hurried lines in his own hand, represented to have been addressed to her by the same post.
These measures, advisable to be taken in any case, Mr. Lorry took in the hope of his coming to himself.
If that should happen soon, he kept another course in reserve; which was, to have a certain opinion that he thought the best, on the Doctor's case.

“Of course I'm very sorry, but how could I know you were in the drawer?”
Wendy was not listening to him.
“O Peter,” she cried, “if she would only stand still and let me see her!”
“They hardly ever stand still,” he said, but for one moment Wendy saw the romantic figure come to rest on the cuckoo clock.
“O the lovely!”
 she cried, though Tink's face was still distorted with passion.
“Tink,” said Peter amiably, “this lady says she wishes you were her fairy.”
Tinker Bell answered insolently.
“What does she say, Peter?”
He had to translate.
“She is not very polite.
She says you are a great [huge] ugly girl, and that she is my fairy.”
He tried to argue with Tink.
“You know you can't be my fairy, Tink, because I am an gentleman and you are a lady.”
To this Tink replied in these words, “You silly ass,” and disappeared into the bathroom.
“She is quite a common fairy,” Peter explained apologetically, “she is called Tinker Bell because she mends the pots and kettles [tinker = tin worker].” [Similar to “cinder” plus “elle” to get Cinderella]
They were together in the armchair by this time, and Wendy plied him with more questions.
“If you don't live in Kensington Gardens now ”
“Sometimes I do still.”
“But where do you live mostly now?”
“With the lost boys.”
“Who are they?”
“They are the children who fall out of their perambulators when the nurse is looking the other way.
If they are not claimed in seven days they are sent far away to the Neverland to defray expenses.
I'm captain.”
“What fun it must be!”
“Yes,” said cunning Peter, “but we are rather lonely.

"I am waiting for my papa, whom I expect to arrive every moment."
"And your gold pieces?"
"I have got them in my pocket, all but one that I spent at the Inn of the Red-Crawfish."
"And to think that, instead of four pieces, by to-morrow they might become one or two thousand!
Why do you not listen to my advice?
why will you not go and bury them in the Field of Miracles?"
"To-day it is impossible, I will go another day."
"Another day it will be too late!"
said the Fox.
"Why?"
"Because the field has been bought by a gentleman, and after to-morrow no one will be allowed to bury money there."
"How far off is the Field of Miracles?"

The grass is not so tender as it was a while ago, yet I think that you will find good feeding," and he waved his paws politely.
"Thank-you, thank-you!"
answered the Gobblers, while the mothers and young Turkeys came crowding up to look at the Ground Hog.
"We came for the acorns and nuts.
We shall certainly enjoy ourselves."
"That is right," said the Ground Hog heartily.
"We have a very fine forest here.
You will pardon me for remarking it.
The Pond People have a saying that is very true: 'It's a mighty poor Frog that won't croak for his own puddle.'
And my grandfather used to say that if a Ground Hog didn't love his own home he was a very poor Hog indeed.
Good-night, my friends, good-night."
And he trotted happily away, followed by the Rabbit.

The billet of acceptance having been written, it was sent off immediately, entrusted to one of the errand-goers belonging to the hotel, that it might be received in advance of the next hour for the dispatch-post and Edward Morland desired the man to get into an omnibus with the note that no time might be lost in delivering it.
"It is but right" said he to his mother "that we should give Mrs.
Watkinson an ample opportunity of making her preparations, and sending round to invite her friends."
"How considerate you are, dear Edward" said Caroline "always so thoughtful of every one's convenience.
Your college friends must have idolized you."
"No" said Edward "they called me a prig."
Just then a remarkably handsome carriage drove up to the private door of the hotel.
From it alighted a very elegant woman, who in a few moments was ushered into the drawing-room by the head waiter, and on his designating Mrs.
Morland's family, she advanced and gracefully announced herself as Mrs. St. Leonard.
This was the lady at whose house they had left the first letter of introduction.
She expressed regret at not having been at home when they called; but said that on finding their letter, she had immediately come down to see them, and to engage them for the evening.
"Tonight" said Mrs. St. Leonard "I expect as many friends as I can collect for a summer party.
The occasion is the recent marriage of my niece, who with her husband has just returned from their bridal excursion, and they will be soon on their way to their residence in Baltimore.
I think I can promise you an agreeable evening, as I expect some very delightful people, with whom I shall be most happy to make you acquainted."

But the other sisters said, "Oh no, do not be unkind, Balna.
The girl would never be so cruel as to tell her mother.
Let us rather invite her to come and have some of the fruit."
And calling her to them, they gave her one of the pomeloes.
No sooner had she eaten it, however, than the Prudhan's daughter went home and said to her mother, "I do not wonder the seven Princesses will not eat the dinner you prepare for them, for by their mother's grave there grows a beautiful pomelo tree, and they go there every day and eat the pomeloes.
I ate one, and it was the nicest I have ever tasted."
The cruel Ranee was much vexed at hearing this, and all next day she stayed in her room, and told the Raja that she had a very bad headache.
The Raja was deeply grieved, and said to his wife, "What can I do for you?"
She answered, "There is only one thing that will make my headache well.
By your dead wife's tomb there grows a fine pomelo tree; you must bring that here, and boil it, root and branch, and put a little of the water in which it has been boiled, on my forehead, and that will cure my headache."
So the Raja sent his servants, and had the beautiful pomelo tree pulled up by the roots, and did as the Ranee desired; and when some of the water, in which it had been boiled, was put on her forehead, she said her headache was gone and she felt quite well.
Next day, when the seven Princesses went as usual to the grave of their mother, the pomelo tree had disappeared.

The sound of its voice was so dismal that I shivered and seated myself more firmly upon the machine.
Looking round me again, I saw that, quite near, what I had taken to be a reddish mass of rock was moving slowly towards me.
Then I saw the thing was really a monstrous crab-like creature.
Can you imagine a crab as large as yonder table, with its many legs moving slowly and uncertainly, its big claws swaying, its long antennæ, like carters’ whips, waving and feeling, and its stalked eyes gleaming at you on either side of its metallic front?
Its back was corrugated and ornamented with ungainly bosses, and a greenish incrustation blotched it here and there.
I could see the many palps of its complicated mouth flickering and feeling as it moved.
“As I stared at this sinister apparition crawling towards me, I felt a tickling on my cheek as though a fly had lighted there.
I tried to brush it away with my hand, but in a moment it returned, and almost immediately came another by my ear.
I struck at this, and caught something threadlike.
It was drawn swiftly out of my hand.
With a frightful qualm, I turned, and I saw that I had grasped the antenna of another monster crab that stood just behind me.
Its evil eyes were wriggling on their stalks, its mouth was all alive with appetite, and its vast ungainly claws, smeared with an algal slime, were descending upon me.

The plain dark dresses, akin to mourning dresses, which she and her child wore, were as neat and as well attended to as the brighter clothes of happy days.
She lost her colour, and the old and intent expression was a constant, not an occasional, thing; otherwise, she remained very pretty and comely.
Sometimes, at night on kissing her father, she would burst into the grief she had repressed all day, and would say that her sole reliance, under Heaven, was on him.
He always resolutely answered: “Nothing can happen to him without my knowledge, and I know that I can save him, Lucie.”
They had not made the round of their changed life many weeks, when her father said to her, on coming home one evening:
“My dear, there is an upper window in the prison, to which Charles can sometimes gain access at three in the afternoon.
When he can get to it which depends on many uncertainties and incidents he might see you in the street, he thinks, if you stood in a certain place that I can show you.
But you will not be able to see him, my poor child, and even if you could, it would be unsafe for you to make a sign of recognition.”
“O show me the place, my father, and I will go there every day.”
From that time, in all weathers, she waited there two hours.
As the clock struck two, she was there, and at four she turned resignedly away.
When it was not too wet or inclement for her child to be with her, they went together; at other times she was alone; but, she never missed a single day.
It was the dark and dirty corner of a small winding street.
The hovel of a cutter of wood into lengths for burning, was the only house at that end; all else was wall.
On the third day of her being there, he noticed her.
“Good day, citizeness.”
“Good day, citizen.”
This mode of address was now prescribed by decree.

Black Dog,” says he.
“HE'S a bad un; but there's worse that put him on.
Now, if I can't get away nohow, and they tip me the black spot, mind you, it's my old sea-chest they're after; you get on a horse you can, can't you?
Well, then, you get on a horse, and go to well, yes, I will!
to that eternal doctor swab, and tell him to pipe all hands magistrates and sich and he'll lay 'em aboard at the Admiral Benbow all old Flint's crew, man and boy, all on 'em that's left.
I was first mate, I was, old Flint's first mate, and I'm the on'y one as knows the place.
He gave it me at Savannah, when he lay a-dying, like as if I was to now, you see.
But you won't peach unless they get the black spot on me, or unless you see that Black Dog again or a seafaring man with one leg, Jim him above all.”
“But what is the black spot, captain?” I asked.
“That's a summons, mate.
I'll tell you if they get that.
But you keep your weather-eye open, Jim, and I'll share with you equals, upon my honour.”
He wandered a little longer, his voice growing weaker; but soon after I had given him his medicine, which he took like a child, with the remark, “If ever a seaman wanted drugs, it's me,” he fell at last into a heavy, swoon-like sleep, in which I left him.
What I should have done had all gone well I do not know.

I am the Toad, the motor-car snatcher, the prison-breaker, the Toad who always escapes!
Sit still, and you shall know what driving really is, for you are in the hands of the famous, the skilful, the entirely fearless Toad!’
With a cry of horror the whole party rose and flung themselves on him.
‘Seize him!’ they cried, ‘seize the Toad, the wicked animal who stole our motor-car!
Bind him, chain him, drag him to the nearest police-station!
Down with the desperate and dangerous Toad!’
Alas!
they should have thought, they ought to have been more prudent, they should have remembered to stop the motor-car somehow before playing any pranks of that sort.
With a half-turn of the wheel the Toad sent the car crashing through the low hedge that ran along the roadside.
One mighty bound, a violent shock, and the wheels of the car were churning up the thick mud of a horse-pond.
Toad found himself flying through the air with the strong upward rush and delicate curve of a swallow.
He liked the motion, and was just beginning to wonder whether it would go on until he developed wings and turned into a Toad-bird, when he landed on his back with a thump, in the soft rich grass of a meadow.
Sitting up, he could just see the motor-car in the pond, nearly submerged; the gentlemen and the driver, encumbered by their long coats, were floundering helplessly in the water.
He picked himself up rapidly, and set off running across country as hard as he could, scrambling through hedges, jumping ditches, pounding across fields, till he was breathless and weary, and had to settle down into an easy walk.

After a minute or two, the same voice cried:
“Get under the window and hold out your hat!”
Pinocchio had no hat, but he managed to get under the window just in time to feel a shower of ice-cold water pour down on his poor wooden head, his shoulders, and over his whole body.
He returned home as wet as a rag, and tired out from weariness and hunger.
As he no longer had any strength left with which to stand, he sat down on a little stool and put his two feet on the stove to dry them.
There he fell asleep, and while he slept, his wooden feet began to burn.
Slowly, very slowly, they blackened and turned to ashes.
Pinocchio snored away happily as if his feet were not his own.
At dawn he opened his eyes just as a loud knocking sounded at the door.
“Who is it?” he called, yawning and rubbing his eyes.
“It is I,” answered a voice.
It was the voice of Geppetto.
CHAPTER 7 
Geppetto returns home and gives his own breakfast to the Marionette 
The poor Marionette, who was still half asleep, had not yet found out that his two feet were burned and gone.
As soon as he heard his Father’s voice, he jumped up from his seat to open the door, but, as he did so, he staggered and fell headlong to the floor.

it was all a story; for the cat had no aunt, and had not been asked to stand godfather to any one.
He went straight to the church, crept up to the grease-pot, and licked it till he had eaten off the top; then he took a walk on the roofs of the houses in the town, thinking over his situation, and now and then stretching himself in the sun and stroking his whiskers as often as he thought of his meal.
When it was evening he went home again, and the mouse said: "So you have come at last; what a charming day you must have had!"
"Yes," answered the cat; "it went off very well!"
"What have you named the kitten?"
asked the mouse.
"Top-off," said the cat very quickly.
"Top-off!"
replied the mouse; "that is a curious and remarkable name; is it common in your family?"
"What does that matter?"
said the cat; "it is not worse than Crumb-stealer, as your children are called."
Not long afterward the cat felt the same longing as before, and said to the mouse: "You must oblige me by taking care of the house once more by yourself; I am again asked to stand godfather, and, since the youngster has a white ring round his neck, I cannot get off the invitation."

A pale-looking woman was dressing the child, probably the mother; she looked as though she had not as yet got over the trouble of childbirth, she seemed so weak and was so carelessly dressed.
Another child, a little girl of about three years old, lay on the sofa, covered over with what looked like a man’s old dress-coat.
“At the table stood a man in his shirt sleeves; he had thrown off his coat; it lay upon the bed; and he was unfolding a blue paper parcel in which were a couple of pounds of bread, and some little sausages.
“On the table along with these things were a few old bits of black bread, and some tea in a pot.
From under the bed there protruded an open portmanteau full of bundles of rags.
In a word, the confusion and untidiness of the room were indescribable.
“It appeared to me, at the first glance, that both the man and the woman were respectable people, but brought to that pitch of poverty where untidiness seems to get the better of every effort to cope with it, till at last they take a sort of bitter satisfaction in it.
When I entered the room, the man, who had entered but a moment before me, and was still unpacking his parcels, was saying something to his wife in an excited manner.
The news was apparently bad, as usual, for the woman began whimpering.
The man’s face seemed to me to be refined and even pleasant.
He was dark-complexioned, and about twenty-eight years of age; he wore black whiskers, and his lip and chin were shaved.
He looked morose, but with a sort of pride of expression.

The collar was a little jagged at the edge, and so came the long scissors to cut off the jagged part.
“Oh!” said the collar.
“You are certainly the first opera dancer.
How well you can stretch your legs out!
It is the most graceful performance I have ever seen.
No one can imitate you.”
“I know it,” said the scissors.
“You deserve to be a baroness,” said the collar.
“All that I have is a fine gentleman, a boot-jack, and a hair-comb.
If I only had the barony!”
“Do you seek my hand?” said the scissors; for she was angry; and without more ado, she CUT HIM, and then he was condemned.
“I shall now be obliged to ask the hair-comb.
It is surprising how well you preserve your teeth, Miss,” said the collar.
“Have you never thought of being betrothed?”
“Yes, of course!

"Have you any objection to telling me the nature of your business with him?"
Then Robin briefly related that his father was a clergyman, settled on a small salary, at a long distance back in the country, and that he and Major Molineux were brothers' children.
The Major, having inherited riches, and acquired civil and military rank, had visited his cousin, in great pomp, a year or two before; had manifested much interest in Robin and an elder brother, and, being childless himself, had thrown out hints respecting the future establishment of one of them in life.
The elder brother was destined to succeed to the farm which his father cultivated in the interval of sacred duties; it was therefore determined that Robin should profit by his kinsman's generous intentions, especially as he seemed to be rather the favorite, and was thought to possess other necessary endowments.
"For I have the name of being a shrewd youth," observed Robin, in this part of his story.
"I doubt not you deserve it," replied his new friend, good-naturedly; "but pray proceed."
"Well, sir, being nearly eighteen years old, and well grown, as you see," continued Robin, drawing himself up to his full height, "I thought it high time to begin in the world.
So my mother and sister put me in handsome trim, and my father gave me half the remnant of his last year's salary, and five days ago I started for this place, to pay the Major a visit.
But, would you believe it, sir!
I crossed the ferry a little after dark, and have yet found nobody that would show me the way to his dwelling; only, an hour or two since, I was told to wait here, and Major Molineux would pass by."
"Can you describe the man who told you this?"
inquired the gentleman.

What more could you expect of a siege than that?
Cornwallis capitulated October 19.
It was the most artistic capitulation he had ever given.
The troops were arranged in two lines facing each other, British and American with their allies the French under Rochambeau.
People came from all over the country who had heard of Cornwallis and his wonderful genius as a capitulator.
They came for miles, and brought their lunches with them; but the general, who felt an unnecessary pique towards Washington, refused to take part in the exercises himself, claiming that by the advice of his physicians he would have to remain in his tent, as they feared that he had over-capitulated himself already.
He therefore sent his sword by General O'Hara, and Washington turned it over to Lincoln, who had been obliged to surrender to the English at Charleston.
The news reached Philadelphia in the night, and when the watchman cried, "Past two o'clock, and Cornwallis is taken!"
the people arose and went and prayed and laughed like lunatics, for they regarded the war as virtually ended.
The old door-keeper of Congress died of delight.
Thanks were returned to Almighty God, and George Washington's nomination was a sure thing.
England decided that whoever counselled war any further was a public enemy, and Lord North, then prime minister, when he heard of the surrender of Cornwallis through a New York paper, exclaimed, "Oh, God!

"You know why I will not go home with you, Miss Minchin," she said; "you know quite well."
A hot flush showed itself on Miss Minchin's hard, angry face.
"You will never see your companions again," she began.
"I will see that Ermengarde and Lottie are kept away "
Mr. Carmichael stopped her with polite firmness.
"Excuse me," he said; "she will see anyone she wishes to see.
The parents of Miss Crewe's fellow-pupils are not likely to refuse her invitations to visit her at her guardian's house.
Mr. Carrisford will attend to that."
It must be confessed that even Miss Minchin flinched.
This was worse than the eccentric bachelor uncle who might have a peppery temper and be easily offended at the treatment of his niece.
A woman of sordid mind could easily believe that most people would not refuse to allow their children to remain friends with a little heiress of diamond mines.
And if Mr. Carrisford chose to tell certain of her patrons how unhappy Sara Crewe had been made, many unpleasant things might happen.
"You have not undertaken an easy charge," she said to the Indian gentleman, as she turned to leave the room; "you will discover that very soon.

Then the little men said to each other, “What shall we give her as she is so naughty, and has a wicked envious heart, that will never let her do a good turn to any one?” The first said, “I grant that she may grow uglier every day.” The second said, “I grant that at every word she says, a toad shall spring out of her mouth.” The third said, “I grant that she may die a miserable death.” The maiden looked for strawberries outside, but as she found none, she went angrily home.
And when she opened her mouth, and was about to tell her mother what had happened to her in the wood, with every word she said, a toad sprang out of her mouth, so that every one was seized with horror of her.
Then the step-mother was still more enraged, and thought of nothing but how to do every possible injury to the man’s daughter, whose beauty, however, grew daily greater.
At length she took a cauldron, set it on the fire, and boiled yarn in it.
When it was boiled, she flung it on the poor girl’s shoulder, and gave her an axe in order that she might go on the frozen river, cut a hole in the ice, and rinse the yarn.
She was obedient, went thither and cut a hole in the ice; and while she was in the midst of her cutting, a splendid carriage came driving up, in which sat the King.
The carriage stopped, and the King asked,”My child, who are thou, and what art thou doing here?” “I am a poor girl, and I am rinsing yarn.” Then the King felt compassion, and when he saw that she was so very beautiful, he said to her, “Wilt thou go away with me?”
“Ah, yes, with all my heart,” she answered, for she was glad to get away from the mother and sister.
So she got into the carriage and drove away with the King, and when they arrived at his palace, the wedding was celebrated with great pomp, as the little men had granted to the maiden.
When a year was over, the young Queen bore a son, and as the step-mother had heard of her great good-fortune, she came with her daughter to the palace and pretended that she wanted to pay her a visit.
Once, however, when the King had gone out, and no one else was present, the wicked woman seized the Queen by the head, and her daughter seized her by the feet, and they lifted her out of the bed, and threw her out of the window into the stream which flowed by.
Then the ugly daughter laid herself in the bed, and the old woman covered her up over her head.
When the King came home again and wanted to speak to his wife, the old woman cried, “Hush, hush, that can’t be now, she is lying in a violent perspiration; you must let her rest to-day.” The King suspected no evil, and did not come back again till next morning; and as he talked with his wife and she answered him, with every word a toad leaped out, whereas formerly a piece of gold had fallen out.

Spring.
O Father Time!
Look here upon my pretty flowers!
Here is the snowdrop, so white and brave.
It pushes its head up through the snow, which is no whiter than its own petals.
And here I have a bunch of crocuses, blue, yellow, white, and of many colors.
Aren't they pretty amid the grass?
Then the gorgeous tulips, holding their heads so high, making the earth brilliant with their gay, bright colors.
I think the golden daffodils and sweet narcissus are my favorite flowers, though I am very fond of what the children call spring beauty.
Father Time.
I see, my daughter, that you love all your flower children, and that is right.
All are beautiful, each in its own way.

On learning that Aladdin was idle and would learn no trade, he offered to take a shop for him and stock it with merchandise.
Next day he bought Aladdin a fine suit of clothes and took him all over the city, showing him the sights, and brought him home at nightfall to his mother, who was overjoyed to see her son so fine.
The next day the magician led Aladdin into some beautiful gardens a long way outside the city gates.
They sat down by a fountain and the magician pulled a cake from his girdle, which he divided between them.
They then journeyed onward till they almost reached the mountains.
Aladdin was so tired that he begged to go back, but the magician beguiled him with pleasant stories, and led him on in spite of himself.
At last they came to two mountains divided by a narrow valley.
“We will go no farther,”
 said the false uncle.
“I will show you something wonderful; only do you gather up sticks while I kindle a fire.” When it was lit the magician threw on it a powder he had about him, at the same time saying some magical words.
The earth trembled a little and opened in front of them, disclosing a square flat stone with a brass ring in the middle to raise it by.
Aladdin tried to run away, but the magician caught him and gave him a blow that knocked him down.
“What have I done, uncle?” he said piteously; whereupon the magician said more kindly: “Fear nothing, but obey me.

Our old father taught us to pray to God, to obey thee, to pay taxes faithfully, and besides to work and toil without rest.
He also taught to each of us a trade, for the old saying is, 'A trade is no burden, but a profit.'
The old father wished us to keep our trades for a cloudy day, but never to forsake our own fields, and always to be contented, and plow and harrow diligently.
"He also used to say, 'If one does not neglect the mother earth, but thoroughly harrows and sows in due season, then she, our mother, will reward generously, and will give plenty of bread, besides preparing a soft place for the everlasting rest when one is old and tired of life.'"
The Tsar Archidei liked the simple answer of the peasant, and said:
"Take my praise, brave good fellows, my peasants, tillers of the soil, sowers of wheat, gatherers of gold.
And now tell me, what trades did your father teach you, and what do you know?"
The first Simeon answered:
"My trade is not a very wise one.
If thou wouldst let me have materials and working men, then I could build a post, a white stone column, reaching beyond the clouds, almost to the sky."
"Good enough!"
exclaimed the Tsar Archidei.
"And thou, the second Simeon, what is thy trade?"
The second Simeon was quick to give answer:
"My trade is a simple one.

“Now he is in the dark,” said she.
“Can he mind?
He is only such a little tiny thing.”
Mary ran away, for her mother called her, and she forgot all about the ant under the thimble.
There he was, running round and round and round the dark prison, with little horns on his head quivering, little perfect legs bending as beautifully as those of a race-horse, and he was in quite as big a fright as if he were an elephant.
“Oh,” you would have heard him say, if you had been clever enough, “I can’t get out, I can’t get out!
I shall lie down and die.” ” Mary went to bed, and in the night the rain poured.
The handkerchief was soaked as if somebody had been crying very much, when she went out to fetch it as soon as the sun shone.
She remembered who was under the thimble.
“I wonder what he is doing,” said Mary.
But when she lifted up the thimble the little tiny thing lay stiff and still.
“Oh, did he die of being under the thimble?” she said aloud.
“I am afraid he did mind.”
“Why did you do that, Mary?” said her father, who was close by, and who had guessed the truth.

When the dragon was wound onto the pillar as much as he possibly could be, and as tight like cotton on a reel the Princess stopped running, and though she had very little breath left, she managed to say, "Yah who's won now?"
This annoyed the dragon so much that he put out all his strength spread his great purple wings, and tried to fly at her.
Of course this pulled his tail, and pulled it very hard, so hard that as he pulled the tail had to come, and the pillar had to come around with the tail, and the island had to come around with the pillar, and in another minute the tail was loose, and the island was spinning around exactly like a top.
It spun so fast that everyone fell flat on their faces and held on tight to themselves, because they felt something was going to happen.
All but the magician, who was choking between the Belgian hares, and felt nothing but fur and fury.
And something did happen.
The dragon had sent the kingdom of Rotundia spinning the way it ought to have gone at the beginning of the world, and as it spun around, all the animals began to change sizes.
The guinea pigs got small, and the elephants got big, and the men and women and children would have changed sizes too, if they had not had the sense to hold on to themselves, very tight indeed, with both hands; which, of course, the animals could not be expected to know how to do.
And the best of it was that when the small beasts got big and the big beasts got small the dragon got small too, and fell at the Princess's feet a little, crawling, purple newt with wings.
"Funny little thing," said the Princess, when she saw it.
"I will take it for a birthday present."
But while all the people were still on their faces, holding on tight to themselves, Uncle James, the magician, never thought of holding tight he only thought of how to punish Belgian hares and the sons of gardeners; so when the big beasts grew small, he grew small with the other beasts, and the little purple dragon, when he fell at the Princess's feet, saw there a very small magician named Uncle James.

Bagheera has noticed us.
All the Jungle-People admire us for our skill and our cunning.” Then they began their flight; and the flight of the Monkey-People through tree-land is one of the things nobody can describe.
They have their regular roads and crossroads, up hills and down hills, all laid out from fifty to seventy or a hundred feet above ground, and by these they can travel even at night if necessary.
Two of the strongest monkeys caught Mowgli under the arms and swung off with him through the treetops, twenty feet at a bound.
Had they been alone they could have gone twice as fast, but the boy’s weight held them back.
Sick and giddy as Mowgli was he could not help enjoying the wild rush, though the glimpses of earth far down below frightened him, and the terrible check and jerk at the end of the swing over nothing but empty air brought his heart between his teeth.
His escort would rush him up a tree till he felt the thinnest topmost branches crackle and bend under them, and then with a cough and a whoop would fling themselves into the air outward and downward, and bring up, hanging by their hands or their feet to the lower limbs of the next tree.
Sometimes he could see for miles and miles across the still green jungle, as a man on the top of a mast can see for miles across the sea, and then the branches and leaves would lash him across the face, and he and his two guards would be almost down to earth again.
So, bounding and crashing and whooping and yelling, the whole tribe of Bandar-log swept along the tree-roads with Mowgli their prisoner.
For a time he was afraid of being dropped.
Then he grew angry but knew better than to struggle, and then he began to think.
The first thing was to send back word to Baloo and Bagheera, for, at the pace the monkeys were going, he knew his friends would be left far behind.

No doubt the contest will be very expensive, but it will be a happy day for me to see you in parliament, and Marney will, of course, supply the funds.
I shall write to him, and perhaps you will do so yourself."
The election took place, and Egremont was returned.
Then he paid a visit to his brother at Marney Abbey, and an old estrangement between the two was ended.
Marney Abbey was as remarkable for its comfort and pleasantness of accommodation as for its ancient state and splendour.
It had been a religious house.
The founder of the Marney family, a confidential domestic of one of the favourites of Henry VIII., had contrived by unscrupulous zeal to obtain the grant of the abbey lands, and in the reign of Elizabeth came a peerage.
The present Lord Marney upheld the workhouse, hated allotments and infant schools, and declared the labourers on his estate to be happy and contented with a wage of seven shillings a week.
The burning of hayricks on the Abbey Farm at the time of Egremont's visit showed that the torch of the incendiary had been introduced and that a beacon had been kindled in the agitated neighbourhood.
For misery lurked in the wretched tenements of the town of Marney, and fever was rife.
The miserable hovels of the people had neither windows nor doors, and were unpaved, and looked as if they could scarcely hold together.
There were few districts in the kingdom where the rate of wages was more depressed.

It was in this journey, if I mistake not, that he encountered a prodigious giant, who was so wonderfully contrived by nature, that every time he touched the earth he became ten times as strong as ever he had been before.
His name was Antæus.
You may see, plainly enough, that it was a very difficult business to fight with such a fellow; for, as often as he got a knock-down blow, up he started again, stronger, fiercer, and abler to use his weapons, than if his enemy had let him alone.
Thus, the harder Hercules pounded the giant with his club, the further he seemed from winning the victory.
I have sometimes argued with such people, but never fought with one.
The only way in which Hercules found it possible to finish the battle, was by lifting Antæus off his feet into the air, and squeezing, and squeezing, and squeezing him, until, finally, the strength was quite squeezed out of his enormous body.
When this affair was finished, Hercules continued his travels, and went to the land of Egypt, where he was taken prisoner, and would have been put to death, if he had not slain the king of the country, and made his escape.
Passing through the deserts of Africa, and going as fast as he could, he arrived at last on the shore of the great ocean.
And here, unless he could walk on the crests of the billows, it seemed as if his journey must needs be at an end.
Nothing was before him, save the foaming, dashing, measureless ocean.
But, suddenly, as he looked towards the horizon, he saw something, a great way off, which he had not seen the moment before.
It gleamed very brightly, almost as you may have beheld the round, golden disk of the sun, when it rises or sets over the edge of the world.

“Quick, Tootles, quick,” she screamed.
“Peter will be so pleased.”
Tootles excitedly fitted the arrow to his bow.
“Out of the way, Tink,”
 he shouted, and then he fired, and Wendy fluttered to the ground with an arrow in her breast.
Chapter 6 THE LITTLE HOUSE 
Foolish Tootles was standing like a conqueror over Wendy's body when the other boys sprang, armed, from their trees.
“You are too late,” he cried proudly, “I have shot the Wendy.
Peter will be so pleased with me.”
Overhead Tinker Bell shouted “Silly ass!” and darted into hiding.
The others did not hear her.
They had crowded round Wendy, and as they looked a terrible silence fell upon the wood.
If Wendy's heart had been beating they would all have heard it.
Slightly was the first to speak.
“This is no bird,” he said in a scared voice.
“I think this must be a lady.”
“A lady?” said Tootles, and fell a-trembling.

Jonathan shouted.
"Why don't you fire?
Oh, let me have that gun!"
It is not as easy as an onlooker often thinks to shoot an animal, even a large one, in rapid motion, particularly among trees and brush; something constantly gets in the way.
Both animals were now tearing along the brink of the deep stream, stumbling headlong one second, up the next, plunging on.
As often as Nat tried to steady himself on the steep side of the bluff for a shot, either the horse was in the way or both animals were wholly concealed by the bushes.
Moreover, the boys had to run fast through the brush to keep them in sight.
Nat could not shoot with certainty, and Jonathan grew wild over the delay.
"Shoot him yourself, then!"
Nat retorted, panting.
Jonathan snatched the gun and dashed forward, Nat picking up the axe and following after.
On they ran for several hundred yards, barely keeping pace with the animals.

A raucous welcome was accorded to the new member.
Two other notable performers were introduced in a similar manner, and then the building became suddenly full of noise, for a tall youth in a bath robe, attended by a little army of assistants, had entered the ring.
One of the army carried a bright green bucket, on which were painted in white letters the words "Cyclone Dick Fisher."
A moment later there was another, though a far less, uproar, as Kid Brady, his pleasant face wearing a self-conscious smirk, ducked under the ropes and sat down in the opposite corner.
"Ex-hib-it-i-on ten-round bout," thundered the burly gentleman, "between Cyclone Dick Fisher "
Loud applause.
Mr. Fisher was one of the famous, a fighter with a reputation from New York to San Francisco.
He was generally considered the most likely man to give the hitherto invincible Jimmy Garvin a hard battle for the light-weight championship.
"Oh, you Dick!"
roared the crowd.
Mr. Fisher bowed benevolently.
"
and Kid Brady, member of this "
There was noticeably less applause for the Kid.
He was an unknown.

No: but here thou beholdest even in a dumb brute, the instinct of the knowledge of the demonism in the world.
Though thousands of miles from Oregon, still when he smells that savage musk, the rending, goring bison herds are as present as to the deserted wild foal of the prairies, which this instant they may be trampling into dust.
Thus, then, the muffled rollings of a milky sea; the bleak rustlings of the festooned frosts of mountains; the desolate shiftings of the windrowed snows of prairies; all these, to Ishmael, are as the shaking of that buffalo robe to the frightened colt!
Though neither knows where lie the nameless things of which the mystic sign gives forth such hints; yet with me, as with the colt, somewhere those things must exist.
Though in many of its aspects this visible world seems formed in love, the invisible spheres were formed in fright.
But not yet have we solved the incantation of this whiteness, and learned why it appeals with such power to the soul; and more strange and far more portentous—why, as we have seen, it is at once the most meaning symbol of spiritual things, nay, the very veil of the Christian’s Deity; and yet should be as it is, the intensifying agent in things the most appalling to mankind.
Is it that by its indefiniteness it shadows forth the heartless voids and immensities of the universe, and thus stabs us from behind with the thought of annihilation, when beholding the white depths of the milky way?
Or is it, that as in essence whiteness is not so much a colour as the visible absence of colour; and at the same time the concrete of all colours; is it for these reasons that there is such a dumb blankness, full of meaning, in a wide landscape of snows—a colourless, all-colour of atheism from which we shrink?
And when we consider that other theory of the natural philosophers, that all other earthly hues—every stately or lovely emblazoning—the sweet tinges of sunset skies and woods; yea, and the gilded velvets of butterflies, and the butterfly cheeks of young girls; all these are but subtile deceits, not actually inherent in substances, but only laid on from without; so that all deified Nature absolutely paints like the harlot, whose allurements cover nothing but the charnel-house within; and when we proceed further, and consider that the mystical cosmetic which produces every one of her hues, the great principle of light, for ever remains white or colorless in itself, and if operating without medium upon matter, would touch all objects, even tulips and roses, with its own blank tinge—pondering all this, the palsied universe lies before us a leper; and like wilful travellers in Lapland, who refuse to wear coloured and colouring glasses upon their eyes, so the wretched infidel gazes himself blind at the monumental white shroud that wraps all the prospect around him.
And of all these things the Albino whale was the symbol.
Wonder ye then at the fiery hunt?
CHAPTER 43.

“Excuse me, sirs,” he said, loudly, “but what does all this mean?”
 He glared at the advancing crowd generally, but addressed his remarks especially to their captain, Rogojin.
“You are not in a stable, gentlemen, though you may think it my mother and sister are present.”
“Yes, I see your mother and sister,” muttered Rogojin, through his teeth; and Lebedeff seemed to feel himself called upon to second the statement.
“At all events, I must request you to step into the salon,” said Gania, his rage rising quite out of proportion to his words, “and then I shall inquire ”
“What, he doesn’t know me!” said Rogojin, showing his teeth disagreeably.
“He doesn’t recognize Rogojin!” He did not move an inch, however.
“I have met you somewhere, I believe, but ”
“Met me somewhere, pfu!
Why, it’s only three months since I lost two hundred roubles of my father’s money to you, at cards.
The old fellow died before he found out.
Ptitsin knows all about it.
Why, I’ve only to pull out a three-rouble note and show it to you, and you’d crawl on your hands and knees to the other end of the town for it; that’s the sort of man you are.
Why, I’ve come now, at this moment, to buy you up!
Oh, you needn’t think that because I wear these boots I have no money.
I have lots of money, my beauty, enough to buy up you and all yours together.

I cannot fail now, when my son's life depends upon me.
Stand perfectly still, my brave boy, and father will not hurt you.
Now I pray for strength my trusty arrow must not fail me!
There!
[He shoots.]
Soldier.
See, my captain!
The apple is split!
That was a fine shot!
Gessler.
Yes, it was a good shot, and I did not believe anyone could make it.
I suppose I must set you free.

"The Last Doll."
And her little mournful voice had an odd sound.
"The Last Doll, indeed!"
said Miss Minchin.
"And she is mine, not yours.
Everything you own is mine."
"Please take it away from me, then," said Sara.
"I do not want it."
If she had cried and sobbed and seemed frightened, Miss Minchin might almost have had more patience with her.
She was a woman who liked to domineer and feel her power, and as she looked at Sara's pale little steadfast face and heard her proud little voice, she quite felt as if her might was being set at naught.
"Don't put on grand airs," she said.
"The time for that sort of thing is past.

But in 1619 the captain of a Dutch trading-vessel sold to the colonists twenty negroes.
The negroes were mostly married people, and in some instances children were born to them.
This peculiarity still shows itself among the negroes, and now all over the South one hardly crosses a county without seeing a negro or a person with negro blood in his or her veins.
After the death of Powhatan, the friend of the English, an organized attempt was made by the Indians to exterminate the white people and charge more for water frontage the next time any colonists came.
March 22, 1622, was the day set, and many of the Indians were eating at the tables of those they had sworn to kill.
It was a solemn moment.
The surprise was to take place between the cold beans and the chili sauce.
But a converted Indian told quite a number, and as the cold beans were passed, the effect of some arsenic that had been eaten with the slim-neck clams began to be seen, and before the beans had gone half-way round the board the children of the forest were seen to excuse themselves, and thus avoid dying in the house.
Yet there were over three hundred and fifty white people massacred, and there followed another, reducing the colonists from four thousand to two thousand five hundred, then a massacre of five hundred, and so on, a sickening record of death and horror, even worse, before a great nation could get a foothold in this wild and savage land; even a toe-hold, as I may say, in the sands of time.
July 30, 1619, the first sprout of Freedom poked its head from the soil of Jamestown when Governor Yeardley stated that the colony "should have a handle in governing itself."
He then called at Jamestown the first legislative body ever assembled in America; most of the members whereof boarded at the Planters' House during the session.
(For sample of legislator see picture.)

Now, then, let that learn you!” And so the imaginary flogging was finished to his satisfaction.
Tom fled home at noon.
His conscience could not endure any more of Amy's grateful happiness, and his jealousy could bear no more of the other distress.
Becky resumed her picture inspections with Alfred, but as the minutes dragged along and no Tom came to suffer, her triumph began to cloud and she lost interest; gravity and absentmindedness followed, and then melancholy; two or three times she pricked up her ear at a footstep, but it was a false hope; no Tom came.
At last she grew entirely miserable and wished she hadn't carried it so far.
When poor Alfred, seeing that he was losing her, he did not know how, kept exclaiming: “Oh, here's a jolly one!
look at this!” she lost patience at last, and said, “Oh, don't bother me!
I don't care for them!” and burst into tears, and got up and walked away.
Alfred dropped alongside and was going to try to comfort her, but she said:
“Go away and leave me alone, can't you!
I hate you!”
So the boy halted, wondering what he could have done for she had said she would look at pictures all through the nooning and she walked on, crying.
Then Alfred went musing into the deserted schoolhouse.
He was humiliated and angry.

A gentleman having given Dick a penny for cleaning his shoes, he thought he would buy a cat with it.
The next day he saw a girl with a cat, and asked her, “Will you let me have that cat for a penny?” The girl said: “Yes, that I will, master, though she is an excellent mouser.”
Dick hid his cat in the garret, and always took care to carry a part of his dinner to her; and in a short time he had no more trouble with the rats and mice, but slept quite sound every night.
Soon after this, his master had a ship ready to sail; and as it was the custom that all his servants should have some chance for good fortune as well as himself, he called them all into the parlour and asked them what they would send out.
They all had something that they were willing to venture except poor Dick, who had neither money nor goods, and therefore could send nothing.
For this reason he did not come into the parlour with the rest; but Miss Alice guessed what was the matter, and ordered him to be called in.
She then said: “I will lay down some money for him, from my own purse;” but her father told her: “This will not do, for it must be something of his own.”
When poor Dick heard this, he said: “I have nothing but a cat which I bought for a penny some time since of a little girl.”
“Fetch your cat then, my lad,” said Mr. Fitzwarren, “and let her go.”
Dick went upstairs and brought down poor puss, with tears in his eyes, and gave her to the captain; “For,” he said, “I shall now be kept awake all night by the rats and mice.” All the company laughed at Dick's odd venture; and Miss Alice, who felt pity for him, gave him some money to buy another cat.
This, and many other marks of kindness shown him by Miss Alice, made the ill-tempered cook jealous of poor Dick, and she began to use him more cruelly than ever, and always made game of him for sending his cat to sea.
She asked him: “Do you think your cat will sell for as much money as would buy a stick to beat you?”
At last poor Dick could not bear this usage any longer, and he thought he would run away from his place; so he packed up his few things, and started very early in the morning, on All-hallows Day, the first of November.
He walked as far as Holloway; and there sat down on a stone, which to this day is called “Whittington's Stone,” and began to think to himself which road he should take.
While he was thinking what he should do, the Bells of Bow Church, which at that time were only six, began to ring, and their sound seemed to say to him:
“Turn again, Whittington, Thrice Lord Mayor of London.”
“Lord Mayor of London!” said he to himself.
“Why, to be sure, I would put up with almost anything now, to be Lord Mayor of London, and ride in a fine coach, when I grow to be a man!
Well, I will go back, and think nothing of the cuffing and scolding of the old cook, if I am to be Lord Mayor of London at last.”
Dick went back, and was lucky enough to get into the house, and set about his work, before the old cook came downstairs.

When the younger had gone a short way, a little man stepped up to him.
He held in his hand a black spear and said, “I give you this spear because your heart is pure and good; with this you can boldly attack the wild boar, and it will do you no harm.”
He thanked the little man, shouldered the spear, and went on fearlessly.
Before long he saw the beast, which rushed at him; but he held the spear towards it, and in its blind fury it ran so swiftly against it that its heart was cloven in twain.
Then he took the monster on his back and went homewards with it to the King.
As he came out at the other side of the wood, there stood at the entrance a house where people were making merry with wine and dancing.
His elder brother had gone in here, and, thinking that after all the boar would not run away from him, was going to drink until he felt brave.
But when he saw his young brother coming out of the wood laden with his booty, his envious, evil heart gave him no peace.
He called out to him, “Come in, dear brother, rest and refresh yourself with a cup of wine.”
The youth, who suspected no evil, went in and told him about the good little man who had given him the spear wherewith he had slain the boar.
The elder brother kept him there until the evening, and then they went away together, and when in the darkness they came to a bridge over a brook, the elder brother let the other go first; and when he was half-way across he gave him such a blow from behind that he fell down dead.
He buried him beneath the bridge, took the boar, and carried it to the King, pretending that he had killed it; whereupon he obtained the King’s daughter in marriage.
And when his younger brother did not come back he said, “The boar must have killed him,” and every one believed it.
But as nothing remains hidden from God, so this black deed also was to come to light.

The squire made no bones about the matter; he despised the captain.
The captain, on his part, never spoke but when he was spoken to, and then sharp and short and dry, and not a word wasted.
He owned, when driven into a corner, that he seemed to have been wrong about the crew, that some of them were as brisk as he wanted to see and all had behaved fairly well.
As for the ship, he had taken a downright fancy to her.
“She'll lie a point nearer the wind than a man has a right to expect of his own married wife, sir.
But,” he would add, “all I say is, we're not home again, and I don't like the cruise.”
The squire, at this, would turn away and march up and down the deck, chin in air.
“A trifle more of that man,” he would say, “and I shall explode.”
We had some heavy weather, which only proved the qualities of the HISPANIOLA.
Every man on board seemed well content, and they must have been hard to please if they had been otherwise, for it is my belief there was never a ship's company so spoiled since Noah put to sea.
Double grog was going on the least excuse; there was duff on odd days, as, for instance, if the squire heard it was any man's birthday, and always a barrel of apples standing broached in the waist for anyone to help himself that had a fancy.
“Never knew good come of it yet,” the captain said to Dr. Livesey.
“Spoil forecastle hands, make devils.
That's my belief.”
But good did come of the apple barrel, as you shall hear, for if it had not been for that, we should have had no note of warning and might all have perished by the hand of treachery.

"The war-cloud's rolling Dun," he answered.
"And what is mulled wine made with?"
Three or four voices exclaimed at once:
"Sizzle-y Madeira!"
Here a servant entered, and said, "Luncheon-time."
The old gentlemen, who have excellent appetites, dispersed at once, one of them politely asking us if we would not stop and have a bit of bread and a little mite of cheese.
"There is one thing I have forgotten to show you," said the Superintendent, "the cell for the confinement of violent and unmanageable Punsters."
We were very curious to see it, particularly with reference to the alleged absence of every object upon which a play of words could possibly be made.
The Superintendent led us up some dark stairs to a corridor, then along a narrow passage, then down a broad flight of steps into another passageway, and opened a large door which looked out on the main entrance.
"We have not seen the cell for the confinement of 'violent and unmanageable' Punsters," we both exclaimed.
"This is the sell!"
he exclaimed, pointing to the outside prospect.
My friend, the Director, looked me in the face so good-naturedly that I had to laugh.

"I won't be reasonable.
I don't want to take what you call 'a sensible view'.
It won't help me, and it only makes it harder.
I don't believe you've got any heart."
"I wish I hadn't."
There was a little quiver in Jo's voice, and thinking it a good omen, Laurie turned round, bringing all his persuasive powers to bear as he said, in the wheedlesome tone that had never been so dangerously wheedlesome before, "Don't disappoint us, dear!
Everyone expects it.
Grandpa has set his heart upon it, your people like it, and I can't get on without you.
Say you will, and let's be happy.
Do, do!"
Not until months afterward did Jo understand how she had the strength of mind to hold fast to the resolution she had made when she decided that she did not love her boy, and never could.
It was very hard to do, but she did it, knowing that delay was both useless and cruel.

"No," said the man; "all I caught was one flounder, and he said he was an enchanted prince, so I let him go swim again."
"Didst thou not wish for anything then?"
asked the good wife.
"No," said the man; "what was there to wish for?"
"Alas!"
said his wife; "isn't it bad enough always to live in this wretched hovel?
Thou mightest at least have wished for a nice clean cottage.
Go back and call him; tell him I want a pretty cottage; he will surely give us that!"
"Alas," said the man, "what am I to go back there for?"
"Well," said the woman, "it was thou who caught him and let him go again; for certain he will do that for thee.
Be off now!"
The man was still not very willing to go, but he did not want to vex his wife, and at last he went back to the sea.

no image at all!
no piled up heap of snow!
nothing whatever, save the prints of little footsteps around a vacant space!
"This is very strange!"
said she.
"What is strange, dear mother?"
asked Violet.
"Dear father, do not you see how it is?
This is our snow-image, which Peony and I have made, because we wanted another playmate.
Did not we, Peony?"
"Yes, papa," said crimson Peony.
"This be our 'ittle snow-sister.

They got along quite well at first, but when they reached the middle of the river the swift current swept the raft downstream, farther and farther away from the road of yellow brick.
And the water grew so deep that the long poles would not touch the bottom.
"This is bad," said the Tin Woodman, "for if we cannot get to the land we shall be carried into the country of the Wicked Witch of the West, and she will enchant us and make us her slaves."
"And then I should get no brains," said the Scarecrow.
"And I should get no courage," said the Cowardly Lion.
"And I should get no heart," said the Tin Woodman.
"And I should never get back to Kansas," said Dorothy.
"We must certainly get to the Emerald City if we can," the Scarecrow continued, and he pushed so hard on his long pole that it stuck fast in the mud at the bottom of the river.
Then, before he could pull it out again or let go the raft was swept away, and the poor Scarecrow was left clinging to the pole in the middle of the river.
"Good-bye!"
he called after them, and they were very sorry to leave him.
Indeed, the Tin Woodman began to cry, but fortunately remembered that he might rust, and so dried his tears on Dorothy's apron.

His breath was short and his heart was beating as a war-drum beats, in the black dark of the lodge.
Sweat cold sweat, that great fear always brings to the weak-hearted was dripping from his body, and once he thought that he would wait for another night, but greed whispered again, and listening to its voice, he stole the leggings from under the Sun's head.
"Carefully he crept out of the lodge, looking over his shoulder as he went through the door.
Then he ran away as fast as he could go.
Over hills and valleys, across rivers and creeks, toward the east.
He wasted much breath laughing at his smartness as he ran, and soon he grew tired.
"'Ho!'
he said to himself, 'I am far enough now and I shall sleep.
It's easy to steal from the Sun just as easy as stealing from the Bear or the Beaver.'
"He folded the leggings and put them under his head as the Sun had done, and went to sleep.
He had a dream and it waked him with a start.
Bad deeds bring bad dreams to us all.

The author's thanks are due to the following books of reference,      which, added to his retentive memory, have made the foregoing      statements accurate yet pleasing:
     A Summer in England with H. W. Beecher.
By J.
B. Reed.
Russell's Digest of the Laws of Minnesota, with Price-List of      Members.
Out-Door and Bug Life in America.
By Chilblainy, Chief of the      Umatilla.
Why I am an Indian.
By S. Bull.
With Notes by Ole Bull and      Introduction by John Bull.
CHAPTER III.
THE THIRTEEN ORIGINAL COLONIES.
This chapter is given up almost wholly to facts.

Whenever the Ksuid fell asleep the sisters were able to take turns at their unpleasant task.
In order to lighten their lot somewhat, they planned to kindle a fire for the following night, and they collected dry sticks and made ready; when night fell they kindled the fire and felt less afraid.
During the night, Ka Duh, in putting some fresh wood on the fire, found a large, heavy dao an axe-knife of iron which she showed to her sister, who at once took it as an augury that deliverance was forthcoming, and that the god of Shillong was working for them.
She at once began to think of a plan whereby the dao might be useful to break the spell of the demon and to free her sister and herself from his power.
She heated the thick blade red-hot while the Ksuid slumbered, and, taking it by the handle, she seared his body with the hot iron, so that he died.
Such, however, is the tenacity of all Ksuids that, even when they are killed and die, they do not go out of existence.
U Ksuid Tynjang could no longer resume the form of a demon as he had formerly done, but he could assume some other form and remain in his old haunts.
The form he chose was that of a jirmi a creeper of a tough and tenacious nature which entangles the feet of hunters when they run in the chase, and saps the life out of the forest trees, and destroys the plants cultivated by mankind.
This plant is known to this day as the Tynjang creeper.
XIX 
WHAT MAKES THE LIGHTNING 
In the early days of the world, when the animals fraternised with mankind, they tried to emulate the manners and customs of men, and they spoke their language.
Mankind held a great festival every thirteen moons, where the strongest men and the handsomest youths danced "sword dances" and contested in archery and other noble games, such as befitted their race and their tribe as men of the Hills and the Forests the oldest and the noblest of all the tribes.
The animals used to attend these festivals and enjoyed watching the games and the dances.

Then the King began to weep for his poor wife and his little son so much more bitterly than she was doing, that the aged mother had compassion on him and said, “Be at peace, she still lives; I secretly caused a hind to be killed, and took these tokens from it; but I bound the child to thy wife’s back and bade her go forth into the wide world, and made her promise never to come back here again, because thou wert so angry with her.” Then spoke the King, “I will go as far as the sky is blue, and will neither eat nor drink until I have found again my dear wife and my child, if in the meantime they have not been killed, or died of hunger.”
Thereupon the King travelled about for seven long years, and sought her in every cleft of the rocks and in every cave, but he found her not, and thought she had died of want.
During the whole of this time he neither ate nor drank, but God supported him.
At length he came into a great forest, and found therein the little house whose sign was, “Here all dwell free.” Then forth came the white maiden, took him by the hand, led him in, and said, “Welcome, Lord King,” and asked him from whence he came.
He answered, “Soon shall I have travelled about for the space of seven years, and I seek my wife and her child, but cannot find them.” The angel offered him meat and drink, but he did not take anything, and only wished to rest a little.
Then he lay down to sleep, and put a handkerchief over his face.
Thereupon the angel went into the chamber where the Queen sat with her son, whom she usually called “Sorrowful,” and said to her, “Go out with thy child, thy husband hath come.” So she went to the place where he lay, and the handkerchief fell from his face.
Then said she, “Sorrowful, pick up thy father’s handkerchief, and cover his face again.” The child picked it up, and put it over his face again.
The King in his sleep heard what passed, and had pleasure in letting the handkerchief fall once more.
But the child grew impatient, and said, “Dear mother, how can I cover my father’s face when I have no father in this world?
I have learnt to say the prayer, ‘Our Father, which art in Heaven,’ thou hast told me that my father was in Heaven, and was the good God, and how can I know a wild man like this?
He is not my father.” When the King heard that, he got up, and asked who they were.
Then said she, “I am thy wife, and that is thy son, Sorrowful.” And he saw her living hands, and said, “My wife had silver hands.” She answered, “The good God has caused my natural hands to grow again;” and the angel went into the inner room, and brought the silver hands, and showed them to him.

"You well know what gormandizers they were," replied Quicksilver; and rogue that he was, he could not help laughing at the joke.
"So you will not be surprised to hear that they have all taken the shapes of swine!
If Circe had never done anything worse, I really should not think her so very much to blame."
"But can I do nothing to help them?"
inquired Ulysses.
"It will require all your wisdom," said Quicksilver, "and a little of my own into the bargain, to keep your royal and sagacious self from being transformed into a fox.
But do as I bid you; and the matter may end better than it has begun."
While he was speaking, Quicksilver seemed to be in search of something; he went stooping along the ground, and soon laid his hand on a little plant with a snow-white flower, which he plucked and smelt of.
Ulysses had been looking at that very spot only just before; and it appeared to him that the plant had burst into full flower the instant when Quicksilver touched it with his fingers.
"Take this flower, King Ulysses," said he.
"Guard it as you do your eyesight; for I can assure you it is exceedingly rare and precious, and you might seek the whole earth over without ever finding another like it.
Keep it in your hand, and smell of it frequently after you enter the palace, and while you are talking with the enchantress.

I only hope I shall not be melted down."
"That is not likely to happen yet," said the wind.
"I will also blow a memory into you, so that, should you receive other similar presents, your old age will pass very pleasantly."
"That is, if I am not melted down," said the lamp.
"But should I, in that case, still retain my memory?"
"Do be reasonable, old lamp," said the wind, puffing away.
At this moment the moon burst forth from the clouds.
"What will you give the old lamp?"
asked the wind.
"I can give nothing," she replied.
"I am on the wane, and no lamps have ever given me light, while I have frequently shone upon them."
With these words the moon hid herself again behind the clouds, that she might be saved from further importunities.

There's no difference now.
I'm not a princess anymore."
Becky ran to her and caught her hand, and hugged it to her breast, kneeling beside her and sobbing with love and pain.
"Yes, miss, you are," she cried, and her words were all broken.
"Whats'ever 'appens to you whats'ever you'd be a princess all the same an' nothin' couldn't make you nothin' different."
8 
In the Attic 
The first night she spent in her attic was a thing Sara never forgot.
During its passing she lived through a wild, unchildlike woe of which she never spoke to anyone about her.
There was no one who would have understood.
It was, indeed, well for her that as she lay awake in the darkness her mind was forcibly distracted, now and then, by the strangeness of her surroundings.
It was, perhaps, well for her that she was reminded by her small body of material things.
If this had not been so, the anguish of her young mind might have been too great for a child to bear.
But, really, while the night was passing she scarcely knew that she had a body at all or remembered any other thing than one.

I saw Goethe's house, Schiller's statue, and Dannecker's famous 'Ariadne.'
It was very lovely, but I should have enjoyed it more if I had known the story better.
I didn't like to ask, as everyone knew it or pretended they did.
I wish Jo would tell me all about it.
I ought to have read more, for I find I don't know anything, and it mortifies me.
Now comes the serious part, for it happened here, and Fred has just gone.
He has been so kind and jolly that we all got quite fond of him.
I never thought of anything but a traveling friendship till the serenade night.
Since then I've begun to feel that the moonlight walks, balcony talks, and daily adventures were something more to him than fun.
I haven't flirted, Mother, truly, but remembered what you said to me, and have done my very best.
I can't help it if people like me.
I don't try to make them, and it worries me if I don't care for them, though Jo says I haven't got any heart.

There is such a difference between a lion and an ass, and the poor little creature looked so innocent.
The great hunter knelt down and tried to stanch the donkey's wounds, and it seemed grateful to him, for it feebly flapped its long ears two or three times before it lay still for ever.
Suddenly a voice was heard calling, "Noiraud!
Noiraud!"
It was "the female."
She came in the form of an old French woman with a large red umbrella, and it would have been better for Tartarin to have faced a female lion.
When the unhappy man tried to explain how he had mistaken her little donkey for a lion, she thought he was making fun of her, and belaboured him with her umbrella.
When her husband came on the scene the matter was soon adjusted by Tartarin agreeing to pay eight pounds for the damage he had done, the price of the donkey being really something like eight shillings.
The donkey owner was an inn-keeper, and the sight of Tartarin's money made him quite friendly.
He invited the lion-hunter to have some food at the inn with him before he left.
And as they walked thither he was amazed to be told by the inn-keeper that he had never seen a lion there in twenty years!
Clearly, the lions were to be looked for further south.

Theseus held out his hand to take the wine.
But, before he touched it, King Aegeus trembled again.
His eyes had fallen on the gold-hilted sword that hung at the young man's side.
He drew back the goblet.
"That sword!"
he exclaimed: "how came you by it?"
"It was my father's sword," replied Theseus, with a tremulous voice.
"These were his sandals.
My dear mother (her name is Aethra) told me his story while I was yet a little child.
But it is only a month since I grew strong enough to lift the heavy stone, and take the sword and sandals from beneath it, and come to Athens to seek my father."
"My son!
my son!"

I cudgelled my brains to find some possible explanation.
And then the incident of the grey cloth seen by young McCarthy.
If that were true the murderer must have dropped some part of his dress, presumably his overcoat, in his flight, and must have had the hardihood to return and to carry it away at the instant when the son was kneeling with his back turned not a dozen paces off.
What a tissue of mysteries and improbabilities the whole thing was!
I did not wonder at Lestrade’s opinion, and yet I had so much faith in Sherlock Holmes’ insight that I could not lose hope as long as every fresh fact seemed to strengthen his conviction of young McCarthy’s innocence.
It was late before Sherlock Holmes returned.
He came back alone, for Lestrade was staying in lodgings in the town.
“The glass still keeps very high,” he remarked as he sat down.
“It is of importance that it should not rain before we are able to go over the ground.
On the other hand, a man should be at his very best and keenest for such nice work as that, and I did not wish to do it when fagged by a long journey.
I have seen young McCarthy.”
“And what did you learn from him?”
“Nothing.”
“Could he throw no light?”
“None at all.
I was inclined to think at one time that he knew who had done it and was screening him or her, but I am convinced now that he is as puzzled as everyone else.

His patience was exhausted.
"I guess we'll call this conference finished," he said.
"You've been told all you came to find out, my reason for closing the Casino.
If it doesn't strike you as a satisfactory reason, that's up to you.
Do what you like about it.
The one thing you may take as a solid fact and you can spread it around the town as much as ever you please is that it is closed, and is not going to be reopened while I'm ruler here."
The deputation then withdrew, reluctantly.
On the following morning there came a note from Mr. Scobell.
It was brief.
"Come on down before the shooting begins," it ran.
John tore it up.
It was on the same evening that definite hostilities may be said to have begun.

Neither of them seemed to express the slightest doubt or surprise at this extraordinary statement.
Lucien went on to regret the passing of the old customs of Corsica.
His very brother had succumbed to the French spirit, and on his return would settle down as an advocate at Ajaccio, and probably prosecute men who killed their enemies in a vendetta.
"And I, too, am engaged in affairs unworthy of a De Franchi," he concluded.
"You have come to Corsica with curiosity about its inhabitants.
If you care to set out with me after supper, I will show you a real bandit."
I accepted the invitation with pleasure.
II.
M. Luden de Franchi 
Lucien explained to me the object of our expedition.
For ten years the village of Sullacro had been divided over the quarrel of two families, the Orlandi and the Colona a quarrel that had originated in the seizure of a paltry hen belonging to the Orlandi, which had flown into the poultry-yard of the Colonas.
Nine people had already been killed in this feud, and now Lucien, as arbitrator, was to bring it to an end.
The local prefect had written to Paris that one word from De Franchi would end the dispute, and Louis had appealed to him.

Tell us the whole truth; do not hide it from us," said the father and mother.
"Oh, how sad it sounds!"
replied the son.
"How much better would it be never to have been born!"
"Do not frighten us," said the parents, alarmed.
"If thou dost really understand the meaning of the song, tell us at once."
"Do you not hear for yourselves?
The nightingale says: 'The time will come when Ivan, the merchant's son, shall become Ivan, the king's son, and his own father shall serve him as a simple servant.'"
The merchant and his wife felt troubled and began to distrust their son, their good Ivan.
So one night they gave him a drowsy drink, and when he had fallen asleep they took him to a boat on the wide sea, spread the white sails, and pushed the boat from the shore.
For a long time the boat danced on the waves and finally it came near a large merchant vessel, which struck against it with such a shock that Ivan awoke.
The crew on the large vessel saw Ivan and pitied him.

Orion returned to the deep places where the night was made terrible by the crying of those beasts of prey that hunted for men, and Neptune did not see his son for many moons.
Orion shot lions and wrestled single-handed with bears.
He strangled great snakes with his own brawny hands and he hunted the wolf and the tiger with his spear.
When the forest was rid of the pest of these man-eating creatures, Orion returned to the castle in the clearing, not waiting even to wash the gore of his mighty hunting from his hands and garments, and he presented himself to the king.
"The forest is free of wild beasts that kill, O King," Orion said.
"You may tear down your ramparts and walk in safety among the trees.
As my reward for the great deed I have done, I ask the hand of your daughter, Merope.
I would take her home with me to my palace of coral and shell in Neptune's kingdom.
And if you refuse her to me, I will take her by force."
The king was speechless at first.
Then, when he realized the boon that this son of the sea was asking, he seemed to have no words with which to express his scorn.
He raised his sceptre in anger and struck Orion's eyes.

But it is a mild, mild wind, and a mild looking sky; and the air smells now, as if it blew from a far-away meadow; they have been making hay somewhere under the slopes of the Andes, Starbuck, and the mowers are sleeping among the new-mown hay.
Sleeping?
Aye, toil we how we may, we all sleep at last on the field.
Sleep?
Aye, and rust amid greenness; as last year’s scythes flung down, and left in the half-cut swaths—Starbuck!”
But blanched to a corpse’s hue with despair, the Mate had stolen away.
Ahab crossed the deck to gaze over on the other side; but started at two reflected, fixed eyes in the water there.
Fedallah was motionlessly leaning over the same rail.
CHAPTER 133.
The Chase—First Day.
That night, in the mid-watch, when the old man—as his wont at intervals—stepped forth from the scuttle in which he leaned, and went to his pivot-hole, he suddenly thrust out his face fiercely, snuffing up the sea air as a sagacious ship’s dog will, in drawing nigh to some barbarous isle.
He declared that a whale must be near.
Soon that peculiar odor, sometimes to a great distance given forth by the living sperm whale, was palpable to all the watch; nor was any mariner surprised when, after inspecting the compass, and then the dog-vane, and then ascertaining the precise bearing of the odor as nearly as possible, Ahab rapidly ordered the ship’s course to be slightly altered, and the sail to be shortened.

As Herbert was away, I put the man in the spare room, and gave out that he was my uncle.
He told me something of his story next day, and when Herbert came back and we had found a bed-room for our visitor in Essex Street, he told us all of it.
His name was Magwitch Abel Magwitch he called himself Provis now and he had been left by a travelling tinker to grow up alone.
"In jail and out of jail, in jail and out of jail that's my life pretty much, down to such times as I got shipped off, arter Pip stood my friend."
But there was a man who "set up fur a gentleman, named Compeyson," and this Compeyson's business was swindling, forging, and stolen banknote passing.
Magwitch became his servant, and when both men were arrested, Compeyson turned round on the man whom he had employed, and got off with seven years to Magwitch's fourteen.
Compeyson was the second convict of my childhood.
On consideration of the case, and after consultation with Mr. Jaggers, who corroborated the statement that a colonist named Abel Magwitch, of New South Wales, was my benefactor, and admitted that a Mr. Provis had written to him on behalf of Magwitch, concerning my address, we decided that the best thing to be done was to take a lodging for Mr. Provis on the riverside below the Pool, at Mill Pond Bank.
It was out of the way, and in case of danger it would be easy to get away by a packet steamer.
The only danger was from Compeyson for he had gone in terror of his life, and feared the vengeance of the man he had betrayed.
IV My Fortune 
We were soon warned that Compeyson was aware of the return of his enemy, and that flight was necessary.
Both Herbert and I noticed how quickly Provis had become softened, and on the night when we were to take him on board a Hamburg steamer he was very gentle.

The old man shed many tears after his cross wife had gone to sleep.
While he wiped away the tears with the sleeve of his cotton robe, a bright thought comforted him: he would go and look for the sparrow on the morrow.
Having decided this he was able to go to sleep at last.
The next morning he rose early, as soon as ever the day broke, and snatching a hasty breakfast, started out over the hills and through the woods, stopping at every clump of bamboos to cry:
"Where, oh where does my tongue-cut sparrow stay?
Where, oh where, does my tongue-cut sparrow stay!"
He never stopped to rest for his noonday meal, and it was far on in the afternoon when he found himself near a large bamboo wood.
Bamboo groves are the favorite haunts of sparrows, and there sure enough at the edge of the wood he saw his own dear sparrow waiting to welcome him.
He could hardly believe his eyes for joy, and ran forward quickly to greet her.
She bowed her little head and went through a number of the tricks her master had taught her, to show her pleasure at seeing her old friend again, and, wonderful to relate, she could talk as of old.
The old man told her how sorry he was for all that had happened, and inquired after her tongue, wondering how she could speak so well without it.
Then the sparrow opened her beak and showed him that a new tongue had grown in place of the old one, and begged him not to think any more about the past, for she was quite well now.
Then the old man knew that his sparrow was a fairy, and no common bird.

They called him, once, twice, but he did not hear; at last they called him for the third time, when he got up, opened the locks, and came out.
He said nothing, however, but conducted them to a handsomely-spread table, and when they had eaten and drunk, he took each of them to a bedroom.
Next morning the little grey man came to the eldest, beckoned to him, and conducted him to a stone table, on which were inscribed three tasks, by the performance of which the castle could be delivered.
The first was that in the forest, beneath the moss, lay the princess’s pearls, a thousand in number, which must be picked up, and if by sunset one single pearl was wanting, he who had looked for them would be turned into stone.
The eldest went thither, and sought the whole day, but when it came to an end, he had only found one hundred, and what was written on the table came to pass, and he was changed into stone.
Next day, the second brother undertook the adventure; it did not, however, fare much better with him than with the eldest; he did not find more than two hundred pearls, and was changed to stone.
At last the turn came to Simpleton also, who sought in the moss.
It was, however, so hard to find the pearls, and he got on so slowly, that he seated himself on a stone, and wept.
And while he was thus sitting, the King of the ants whose life he had once saved, came with five thousand ants, and before long the little creatures had got all the pearls together, and laid them in a heap.
The second task, however, was to fetch out of the lake the key of the King’s daughter’s bed-chamber.
When Simpleton came to the lake, the ducks which he had saved, swam up to him, dived down, and brought the key out of the water.
But the third task was the most difficult; from amongst the three sleeping daughters of the King was the youngest and dearest to be sought out.

This done, the hatches are replaced, and hermetically closed, like a closet walled up.
In the sperm fishery, this is perhaps one of the most remarkable incidents in all the business of whaling.
One day the planks stream with freshets of blood and oil; on the sacred quarter-deck enormous masses of the whale’s head are profanely piled; great rusty casks lie about, as in a brewery yard; the smoke from the try-works has besooted all the bulwarks; the mariners go about suffused with unctuousness; the entire ship seems great leviathan himself; while on all hands the din is deafening.
But a day or two after, you look about you, and prick your ears in this self-same ship; and were it not for the tell-tale boats and try-works, you would all but swear you trod some silent merchant vessel, with a most scrupulously neat commander.
The unmanufactured sperm oil possesses a singularly cleansing virtue.
This is the reason why the decks never look so white as just after what they call an affair of oil.
Besides, from the ashes of the burned scraps of the whale, a potent lye is readily made; and whenever any adhesiveness from the back of the whale remains clinging to the side, that lye quickly exterminates it.
Hands go diligently along the bulwarks, and with buckets of water and rags restore them to their full tidiness.
The soot is brushed from the lower rigging.
All the numerous implements which have been in use are likewise faithfully cleansed and put away.
The great hatch is scrubbed and placed upon the try-works, completely hiding the pots; every cask is out of sight; all tackles are coiled in unseen nooks; and when by the combined and simultaneous industry of almost the entire ship’s company, the whole of this conscientious duty is at last concluded, then the crew themselves proceed to their own ablutions; shift themselves from top to toe; and finally issue to the immaculate deck, fresh and all aglow, as bridegrooms new-leaped from out the daintiest Holland.
Now, with elated step, they pace the planks in twos and threes, and humorously discourse of parlors, sofas, carpets, and fine cambrics; propose to mat the deck; think of having hanging to the top; object not to taking tea by moonlight on the piazza of the forecastle.

Will you come and spend some time at Cleveland this Christmas?
Now, pray do, and come while the Westons are with us.
You cannot think how happy I shall be!
It will be quite delightful!
My love," applying to her husband, "don't you long to have the Miss Dashwoods come to Cleveland?"
"Certainly," he replied, with a sneer "I came into Devonshire with no other view."
"There now," said his lady, "you see Mr. Palmer expects you; so you cannot refuse to come."
They both eagerly and resolutely declined her invitation.
"But indeed you must and shall come.
I am sure you will like it of all things.
The Westons will be with us, and it will be quite delightful.
You cannot think what a sweet place Cleveland is; and we are so gay now, for Mr. Palmer is always going about the country canvassing against the election; and so many people came to dine with us that I never saw before, it is quite charming!

“Can’st not read it?” cried Ahab.
“Give it me, man.
Aye, aye, it’s but a dim scrawl;—what’s this?” As he was studying it out, Starbuck took a long cutting-spade pole, and with his knife slightly split the end, to insert the letter there, and in that way, hand it to the boat, without its coming any closer to the ship.
Meantime, Ahab holding the letter, muttered, “Mr.
Har—yes, Mr. Harry—(a woman’s pinny hand,—the man’s wife, I’ll wager)—Aye—Mr.
Harry Macey, Ship Jeroboam;—why it’s Macey, and he’s dead!”
“Poor fellow!
poor fellow!
and from his wife,” sighed Mayhew; “but let me have it.”
“Nay, keep it thyself,” cried Gabriel to Ahab; “thou art soon going that way.”
“Curses throttle thee!” yelled Ahab.
“Captain Mayhew, stand by now to receive it”; and taking the fatal missive from Starbuck’s hands, he caught it in the slit of the pole, and reached it over towards the boat.
But as he did so, the oarsmen expectantly desisted from rowing; the boat drifted a little towards the ship’s stern; so that, as if by magic, the letter suddenly ranged along with Gabriel’s eager hand.
He clutched it in an instant, seized the boat-knife, and impaling the letter on it, sent it thus loaded back into the ship.
It fell at Ahab’s feet.

Now, if you are well up in your London, you will know that the office of the company is in Fresno Street, which branches out of Upper Swandam Lane, where you found me to-night.
Mrs. St. Clair had her lunch, started for the City, did some shopping, proceeded to the company’s office, got her packet, and found herself at exactly 4:35 walking through Swandam Lane on her way back to the station.
Have you followed me so far?”
“It is very clear.”
“If you remember, Monday was an exceedingly hot day, and Mrs. St. Clair walked slowly, glancing about in the hope of seeing a cab, as she did not like the neighbourhood in which she found herself.
While she was walking in this way down Swandam Lane, she suddenly heard an ejaculation or cry, and was struck cold to see her husband looking down at her and, as it seemed to her, beckoning to her from a second-floor window.
The window was open, and she distinctly saw his face, which she describes as being terribly agitated.
He waved his hands frantically to her, and then vanished from the window so suddenly that it seemed to her that he had been plucked back by some irresistible force from behind.
One singular point which struck her quick feminine eye was that although he wore some dark coat, such as he had started to town in, he had on neither collar nor necktie.
“Convinced that something was amiss with him, she rushed down the steps—for the house was none other than the opium den in which you found me to-night—and running through the front room she attempted to ascend the stairs which led to the first floor.
At the foot of the stairs, however, she met this Lascar scoundrel of whom I have spoken, who thrust her back and, aided by a Dane, who acts as assistant there, pushed her out into the street.
Filled with the most maddening doubts and fears, she rushed down the lane and, by rare good-fortune, met in Fresno Street a number of constables with an inspector, all on their way to their beat.
The inspector and two men accompanied her back, and in spite of the continued resistance of the proprietor, they made their way to the room in which Mr. St. Clair had last been seen.
There was no sign of him there.

If the lamp could not be used for one of these purposes, it would be sent at once to an iron foundry to be melted down.
In this latter case it might be turned into anything, and it wondered very much whether it would then be able to remember that it had once been a street lamp.
This troubled it exceedingly.
Whatever might happen, it seemed certain that the lamp would be separated from the watchman and his wife, whose family it looked upon as its own.
The lamp had first been hung up on the very evening that the watchman, then a robust young man, had entered upon the duties of his office.
Ah, well!
it was a very long time since one became a lamp and the other a watchman.
His wife had some little pride in those days; she condescended to glance at the lamp only when she passed by in the evening never in the daytime.
But in later years, when all of them the watchman, the wife, and the lamp had grown old, she had attended to it, cleaning it and keeping it supplied with oil.
The old people were thoroughly honest; they had never cheated the lamp of a single drop of the oil provided for it.
This was the lamp's last night in the street, and to-morrow it must go to the town hall two very dark things to think of.
No wonder it did not burn brightly.

I have often been in the forest; that is where I have seen you, lovely Princess, sometimes driving your chariot, which you did with all the grace and skill in the world; sometimes riding to the chase on so spirited a horse that it seemed as if no one but yourself could have managed it, and sometimes running races on the plain with the Princesses of your Court running so lightly that it was you always who won the prize.
Oh!
Princess, I have loved you so long, and yet how dare I tell you of my love!
what hope can there be for an unhappy sheep like myself?”
Miranda was so surprised and confused by all that she had heard that she hardly knew what answer to give to the King of the Sheep, but she managed to make some kind of little speech, which certainly did not forbid him to hope, and said that she should not be afraid of the shadows now she knew that they would some day come to life again.
“Alas!” she continued, “if my poor Patypata, my dear Grabugeon, and pretty little Tintin, who all died for my sake, were equally well off, I should have nothing left to wish for here!”
Prisoner though he was, the King of the Sheep had still some powers and privileges.
“Go,” said he to his Master of the Horse, “go and seek the shadows of the little black girl, the monkey, and the dog: they will amuse our Princess.”
And an instant afterward Miranda saw them coming toward her, and their presence gave her the greatest pleasure, though they did not come near enough for her to touch them.
The King of the Sheep was so kind and amusing, and loved Miranda so dearly, that at last she began to love him too.
Such a handsome sheep, who was so polite and considerate, could hardly fail to please, especially if one knew that he was really a king, and that his strange imprisonment would soon come to an end.
So the Princess’s days passed very gaily while she waited for the happy time to come.
The King of the Sheep, with the help of all the flock, got up balls, concerts, and hunting parties, and even the shadows joined in all the fun, and came, making believe to be their own real selves.
One evening, when the couriers arrived (for the King sent most carefully for news and they always brought the very best kinds), it was announced that the sister of the Princess Miranda was going to be married to a great Prince, and that nothing could be more splendid than all the preparations for the wedding.
“Ah!” cried the young Princess, “how unlucky I am to miss the sight of so many pretty things!

The band of light that had indicated the sun had long since disappeared; for the sun had ceased to set—it simply rose and fell in the west, and grew ever broader and more red.
All trace of the moon had vanished.
The circling of the stars, growing slower and slower, had given place to creeping points of light.
At last, some time before I stopped, the sun, red and very large, halted motionless upon the horizon, a vast dome glowing with a dull heat, and now and then suffering a momentary extinction.
At one time it had for a little while glowed more brilliantly again, but it speedily reverted to its sullen red heat.
I perceived by this slowing down of its rising and setting that the work of the tidal drag was done.
The earth had come to rest with one face to the sun, even as in our own time the moon faces the earth.
Very cautiously, for I remembered my former headlong fall, I began to reverse my motion.
Slower and slower went the circling hands until the thousands one seemed motionless and the daily one was no longer a mere mist upon its scale.
Still slower, until the dim outlines of a desolate beach grew visible.
“I stopped very gently and sat upon the Time Machine, looking round.
The sky was no longer blue.

So when the brothers got to the Hill of Glass, all the princes and knights began to ride again, and you may fancy they had taken care to shoe their horses sharp; but it was no good they rode and slipped, and slipped and rode, just as they had done the day before, and there was not one who could get so far as a yard up the hill.
And when they had worn out their horses, so that they could not stir a leg, they were all forced to give it up as a bad job.
So the king thought he might as well proclaim that the riding should take place the day after for the last time, just to give them one chance more; but all at once it came across his mind that he might as well wait a little longer, to see if the knight in brass mail would come this day too.
Well, they saw nothing of him; but all at once came one riding on a steed, far, far braver and finer than that on which the knight in brass had ridden, and he had silver mail, and a silver saddle and bridle, all so bright that the sunbeams gleamed and glanced from them far away.
Then the others shouted out to him again, saying, he might as well hold hard, and not try to ride up the hill, for all his trouble would be thrown away; but the knight paid no heed to them, and rode straight at the hill, and right up it, till he had gone two-thirds of the way, and then he wheeled his horse round and rode down again.
To tell the truth, the Princess liked him still better than the knight in brass, and she sat and wished he might only be able to come right up to the top, and down the other side; but when she saw him turning back, she threw the second apple after him, and it rolled down and fell into his shoe.
But, as soon as ever he had come down from the Hill of Glass, he rode off so fast that no one could see what became of him.
At even, when all were to go in before the king and the Princess, that he who had the golden apple might show it, in they went, one after the other, but there was no one who had any apple to show, and the two brothers, as they had done on the former day, went home and told how things had gone, and how all had ridden at the hill, and none got up.
"But, last of all," they said, "came one in a silver suit, and his horse had a silver saddle and a silver bridle.
He was just a chap to ride; and he got two-thirds up the hill, and then turned back.
He was a fine fellow, and no mistake; and the Princess threw the second gold apple to him."
"Oh!"

"It's no good him trying to run for a while after he's put his chin in the way of a real live one.
I remember when Joe Peterson put me out, way back when I was new to the game it was the same year I fought Martin Kelly.
He had an awful punch, had old Joe, and he put me down and out in the eighth round.
After the fight they found me on the fire-escape outside my dressing-room.
'Come in, Kid,' says they.
'It's all right, chaps,' I says, 'I'm dying.'
Like that.
'It's all right, chaps, I'm dying.'
Same with this guy.
See what I mean?"
They formed a group about the fallen black-jack expert.
"Pardon us," said Smith courteously, "for breaking in upon your reverie, but if you could spare us a moment of your valuable time, there are one or two things which we would like to know."

As everyone exclaimed, and Beth hugged the cropped head tenderly, Jo assumed an indifferent air, which did not deceive anyone a particle, and said, rumpling up the brown bush and trying to look as if she liked it, "It doesn't affect the fate of the nation, so don't wail, Beth.
It will be good for my vanity, I was getting too proud of my wig.
It will do my brains good to have that mop taken off.
My head feels deliciously light and cool, and the barber said I could soon have a curly crop, which will be boyish, becoming, and easy to keep in order.
I'm satisfied, so please take the money and let's have supper."
"Tell me all about it, Jo.
I am not quite satisfied, but I can't blame you, for I know how willingly you sacrificed your vanity, as you call it, to your love.
But, my dear, it was not necessary, and I'm afraid you will regret it one of these days," said Mrs. March.
"No, I won't!"
returned Jo stoutly, feeling much relieved that her prank was not entirely condemned.
"What made you do it?"
asked Amy, who would as soon have thought of cutting off her head as her pretty hair.

She felt as if they were wondering what a little girl from India was doing in their house.
Some were pictures of children—little girls in thick satin frocks which reached to their feet and stood out about them, and boys with puffed sleeves and lace collars and long hair, or with big ruffs around their necks.
She always stopped to look at the children, and wonder what their names were, and where they had gone, and why they wore such odd clothes.
There was a stiff, plain little girl rather like herself.
She wore a green brocade dress and held a green parrot on her finger.
Her eyes had a sharp, curious look.
“Where do you live now?” said Mary aloud to her.
“I wish you were here.”
Surely no other little girl ever spent such a queer morning.
It seemed as if there was no one in all the huge rambling house but her own small self, wandering about upstairs and down, through narrow passages and wide ones, where it seemed to her that no one but herself had ever walked.
Since so many rooms had been built, people must have lived in them, but it all seemed so empty that she could not quite believe it true.
It was not until she climbed to the second floor that she thought of turning the handle of a door.
All the doors were shut, as Mrs. Medlock had said they were, but at last she put her hand on the handle of one of them and turned it.

Harry, who happened to be near, ran up, and seizing the snake by the neck, tore it from Tommy's leg, and threw it to a great distance.
Mrs. Merton wished to adopt the boy who had so bravely saved her son, and Harry's intelligence so appealed to Mr. Merton that he thought it would be an excellent thing if Tommy could also benefit by Mr. Barlow's instruction.
With this view he decided to propose to the farmer to pay for the board and education of Harry that he might be a constant companion to Tommy.
Mr. Barlow, on being consulted, agreed to take Tommy for some months under his care; but refused any monetary recompense.
The day after Tommy went to Mr. Barlow's the clergyman took his two pupils into the garden, and, taking a spade in his own hand, and giving Harry a hoe, they both began to work.
"Everybody that eats," he said, "ought to assist in procuring food.
This is my bed, and that is Harry's.
If, Tommy, you choose to join us, I will mark you out a piece of ground, all the produce of which shall be your own."
"No, indeed," said Tommy; "I am a gentleman, and don't choose to slave like a ploughboy."
"Just as you please, Mr.
Gentleman," said Mr. Barlow.
And Tommy, not being asked to share the plate of ripe cherries with which Mr. Barlow and Harry refreshed themselves after their labour, wandered disconsolately about the garden, surprised and vexed to find himself in a place where nobody felt any concern whether he was pleased or not.

Fortunately, as we have mentioned, one of his hands was messy with it, and he blew some on each of them, with the most superb results.
“Now just wiggle your shoulders this way,” he said, “and let go.”
They were all on their beds, and gallant Michael let go first.
He did not quite mean to let go, but he did it, and immediately he was borne across the room.
“I flewed!” he screamed while still in mid-air.
John let go and met Wendy near the bathroom.
“Oh, lovely!”
“Oh, ripping!”
“Look at me!”
“Look at me!”
“Look at me!”
They were not nearly so elegant as Peter, they could not help kicking a little, but their heads were bobbing against the ceiling, and there is almost nothing so delicious as that.
Peter gave Wendy a hand at first, but had to desist, Tink was so indignant.
Up and down they went, and round and round.
Heavenly was Wendy's word.
“I say,” cried John, “why shouldn't we all go out?”
Of course it was to this that Peter had been luring them.
Michael was ready: he wanted to see how long it took him to do a billion miles.
But Wendy hesitated.

No coaxing, no sugar, no lullaby, no story, even the light was put out and only the red glow of the fire enlivened the 'big dark' which Demi regarded with curiosity rather than fear.
This new order of things disgusted him, and he howled dismally for 'Marmar', as his angry passions subsided, and recollections of his tender bondwoman returned to the captive autocrat.
The plaintive wail which succeeded the passionate roar went to Meg's heart, and she ran up to say beseechingly...
"Let me stay with him, he'll be good now, John."
"No, my dear.
I've told him he must go to sleep, as you bid him, and he must, if I stay here all night."
"But he'll cry himself sick," pleaded Meg, reproaching herself for deserting her boy.
"No, he won't, he's so tired he will soon drop off and then the matter is settled, for he will understand that he has got to mind.
Don't interfere, I'll manage him."
"He's my child, and I can't have his spirit broken by harshness."
"He's my child, and I won't have his temper spoiled by indulgence.
Go down, my dear, and leave the boy to me."
When John spoke in that masterful tone, Meg always obeyed, and never regretted her docility.

I shall not harm you this time, but I warn you now, that if you ever steal from me again, I will hurt you badly.
Now go, and don't let me catch you stealing again!'
"Away went OLD-man, and on toward the west went the busy Sun.
That is all.
"Now go to bed; for I would talk of other things with my friend, who knows of war as I do.
Ho!"
OLD-MAN AND HIS CONSCIENCE 
Not so many miles away from the village, the great mountain range so divides the streams that are born there, that their waters are offered as tribute to the Atlantic, Pacific, and Arctic Oceans.
In this wonderful range the Indians believe the winds are made, and that they battle for supremacy over Gunsight Pass.
I have heard an old story, too, that is said to have been generally believed by the Blackfeet, in which a monster bull-elk that lives in Gunsight Pass lords it over the winds.
This elk creates the North wind by "flapping" one of his ears, and the South wind by the same use of his other.
I am inclined to believe that the winds are made in that Pass, myself, for there they are seldom at rest, especially at this season of the year.
To-night the wind was blowing from the north, and filmy white clouds were driven across the face of the nearly full moon, momentarily veiling her light.

“You stupid, inquisitive goose!” replied the dwarf; “I wanted to split the tree, in order to get little chips of wood for our kitchen fire; those thick logs that serve to make fires for coarse, greedy people like yourselves quite burn up all the little food we need.
I had successfully driven in the wedge, and all was going well, but the cursed wood was so slippery that it suddenly sprang out, and the tree closed up so rapidly that I had no time to take my beautiful white beard out, so here I am stuck fast, and I can’t get away; and you silly, smooth-faced, milk-and-water girls just stand and laugh!
Ugh!
what wretches you are!”
The children did all in their power, but they couldn’t get the beard out; it was wedged in far too firmly.
“I will run and fetch somebody,”
 said Rose-red.
“Crazy blockheads!” snapped the dwarf; “what’s the good of calling anyone else?
You’re already two too many for me.
Does nothing better occur to you than that?” “Don’t be so impatient,” said Snow-white, “I’ll see you get help,” and taking her scissors out of her pocket she cut off the end of his beard.
As soon as the dwarf felt himself free he seized a bag full of gold which was hidden among the roots of the tree, lifted it up, and muttered aloud: “Curse these rude wretches, cutting off a piece of my splendid beard!” With these words he swung the bag over his back, and disappeared without as much as looking at the children again.
Shortly after this Snow-white and Rose-red went out to get a dish of fish.
As they approached the stream they saw something which looked like an enormous grasshopper springing toward the water as if it were going to jump in.
They ran forward and recognized their old friend the dwarf.

If you wish to continue this foolery of pretending to be an artist because you want an excuse for idleness, please yourself.
But let me tell you this.
Unless you report at my office on Monday morning, prepared to abandon all this idiocy and start in at the bottom of the business to work your way up, as you should have done half a dozen years ago, not another cent not another cent not another Boosh!"
Then the door closed, and he was no longer with us.
And I crawled out of the bombproof shelter.
"Corky, old top!"
I whispered faintly.
Corky was standing staring at the picture.
His face was set.
There was a hunted look in his eye.
"Well, that finishes it!"
he muttered brokenly.

Wait!
I want to tell you something!”
They presently stopped and turned around.
When he got to where they were, he began unfolding his secret, and they listened moodily till at last they saw the “point” he was driving at, and then they set up a warwhoop of applause and said it was “splendid!” and said if he had told them at first, they wouldn't have started away.
He made a plausible excuse; but his real reason had been the fear that not even the secret would keep them with him any very great length of time, and so he had meant to hold it in reserve as a last seduction.
The lads came gayly back and went at their sports again with a will, chattering all the time about Tom's stupendous plan and admiring the genius of it.
After a dainty egg and fish dinner, Tom said he wanted to learn to smoke, now.
Joe caught at the idea and said he would like to try, too.
So Huck made pipes and filled them.
These novices had never smoked anything before but cigars made of grapevine, and they “bit” the tongue, and were not considered manly anyway.
Now they stretched themselves out on their elbows and began to puff, charily, and with slender confidence.
The smoke had an unpleasant taste, and they gagged a little, but Tom said:
“Why, it's just as easy!
If I'd a knowed this was all, I'd a learnt long ago.”
“So would I,” said Joe.

Far he travelled down the river saw many beaver villages, too, but he did not stop, because the lodges were not big, as the old woman told him they would be in the right village.
His feet grew tired for he travelled day and night without resting, but his heart was brave and he believed what the old woman had told him.
"It was late on the third day when he came to a mighty beaver village and here the lodges were greater than any he had ever seen before.
In the centre of the camp was a monstrous lodge built of great sticks and towering above the rest.
All about, the ground was neat and clean and bare as your hand.
The Unlucky-one knew this was the white Beaver's lodge knew that at last he had found the chief of all the Beavers in the world; so he stood still for a long time, and then sang that song.
"Soon a great white Beaver white as the snows of winter came to him and asked: 'Why do you sing that song, my brother?
What do you want of me?
I have never heard a man sing that song before.
You must be in trouble.'
"'I am the Unlucky-one,' the young-man replied.
'I can do nothing well.

It was not long before a giant who had been lying sleeping among the grass, rose up, and was as tall as a fir-tree.
“Wretch!” cried he; “what art thou drumming here for, and wakening me out of my best sleep?” “I am drumming,” he replied, “because I want to show the way to many thousands who are following me.” “What do they want in my forest?”
demanded the giant.
“They want to put an end to thee, and cleanse the forest of such a monster as thou art!” “Oho!” said the giant, “I will trample you all to death like so many ants.” “Dost thou think thou canst do anything against us?” said the drummer; “if thou stoopest to take hold of one, he will jump away and hide himself; but when thou art lying down and sleeping, they will come forth from every thicket, and creep up to thee.
Every one of them has a hammer of steel in his belt, and with that they will beat in thy skull.” The giant grew angry and thought, “If I meddle with the crafty folk, it might turn out badly for me.
I can strangle wolves and bears, but I cannot protect myself from these earth-worms.” “Listen, little fellow,” said he; “go back again, and I will promise you that for the future I will leave you and your comrades in peace, and if there is anything else you wish for, tell me, for I am quite willing to do something to please you.” “Thou hast long legs,” said the drummer, “and canst run quicker than I; carry me to the glass-mountain, and I will give my followers a signal to go back, and they shall leave thee in peace this time.” “Come here, worm,” said the giant; “seat thyself on my shoulder, I will carry thee where thou wishest to be.” The giant lifted him up, and the drummer began to beat his drum up aloft to his heart’s delight.
The giant thought, “That is the signal for the other people to turn back.”
After a while, a second giant was standing in the road, who took the drummer from the first, and stuck him in his button-hole.
The drummer laid hold of the button, which was as large as a dish, held on by it, and looked merrily around.
Then they came to a third giant, who took him out of the button-hole, and set him on the rim of his hat.
Then the drummer walked backwards and forwards up above, and looked over the trees, and when he perceived a mountain in the blue distance, he thought, “That must be the glass-mountain,” and so it was.
The giant only made two steps more, and they reached the foot of the mountain, where the giant put him down.
The drummer demanded to be put on the summit of the glass-mountain, but the giant shook his head, growled something in his beard, and went back into the forest.
And now the poor drummer was standing before the mountain, which was as high as if three mountains were piled on each other, and at the same time as smooth as a looking-glass, and did not know how to get up it.

After lunch, having telegraphed his address to his uncle in case of mail, he took the latter's excellent advice and went to the polo grounds.
Returning in time to dress, he dined at the hotel, after which he visited a near-by theater, and completed a pleasant and strenuous day at one of those friendly restaurants where the music is continuous and the waiters are apt to burst into song in the intervals of their other duties.
A second attempt to find Smith next morning failed, as the first had done.
The staff of the News were out of bed and at work ridiculously early, and when John called up the office between eleven and twelve o'clock nature's breakfast-hour Smith was again down East, observing the movements of those who were about to strike or who had already struck.
It hardly seemed worth while starting to lay the bed plates of his fortune till he had consulted the expert.
What would Rockefeller have done?
He would, John felt certain, have gone to the ball-game.
He imitated the great financier.
It was while he was smoking a cigar after dinner that night, musing on the fortunes of the day's game and, in particular, on the almost criminal imbecility of the umpire, that he was dreamily aware that he was being "paged."
A small boy in uniform was meandering through the room, chanting his name.
"Gent wants five minutes wit' you," announced the boy, intercepted.
"Hasn't got no card.

Instead of making friends and exchanging visits with our neighbours, who had at first been overjoyed to see a Roylott of Stoke Moran back in the old family seat, he shut himself up in his house and seldom came out save to indulge in ferocious quarrels with whoever might cross his path.
Violence of temper approaching to mania has been hereditary in the men of the family, and in my stepfather’s case it had, I believe, been intensified by his long residence in the tropics.
A series of disgraceful brawls took place, two of which ended in the police-court, until at last he became the terror of the village, and the folks would fly at his approach, for he is a man of immense strength, and absolutely uncontrollable in his anger.
“Last week he hurled the local blacksmith over a parapet into a stream, and it was only by paying over all the money which I could gather together that I was able to avert another public exposure.
He had no friends at all save the wandering gipsies, and he would give these vagabonds leave to encamp upon the few acres of bramble-covered land which represent the family estate, and would accept in return the hospitality of their tents, wandering away with them sometimes for weeks on end.
He has a passion also for Indian animals, which are sent over to him by a correspondent, and he has at this moment a cheetah and a baboon, which wander freely over his grounds and are feared by the villagers almost as much as their master.
“You can imagine from what I say that my poor sister Julia and I had no great pleasure in our lives.
No servant would stay with us, and for a long time we did all the work of the house.
She was but thirty at the time of her death, and yet her hair had already begun to whiten, even as mine has.”
“Your sister is dead, then?”
“She died just two years ago, and it is of her death that I wish to speak to you.
You can understand that, living the life which I have described, we were little likely to see anyone of our own age and position.
We had, however, an aunt, my mother’s maiden sister, Miss Honoria Westphail, who lives near Harrow, and we were occasionally allowed to pay short visits at this lady’s house.
Julia went there at Christmas two years ago, and met there a half-pay major of marines, to whom she became engaged.

Very soon he became friendly with his new harness companion; both animals finally drawing the sleigh slowly and peacefully to the end of their journey.
It never pays to take any liberties with a wild animal when one believes that the latter is at one’s mercy.
In 1908 two Indians, when crossing a large lake in Northern Ontario in a small canoe, came across a big bull moose swimming from an island to the mainland.
They needed the meat but preferred waiting until the animal was near land before shooting it.
They accordingly decided to have some fun!
The man at the bow found a rope, lassoed the moose by its antlers, then tied the other end of the rope to the front thwart.
After that the two Indians squatted down at the bottom of the canoe, yelling sarcastic remarks to the poor wild-eyed animal which was towing them with the strength of a good sized tug.
When this strange outfit drew near the shore, the man in the bow picked up his rifle.
It was an old, single barrel muzzle loader.
He aimed carefully and pressed the trigger, but the weapon missed fire.
Pulling up the hammer, he repeated the performance with the same result.
Meanwhile, the moose was touching bottom.

I am afraid to tell you their names, or even to give them any names which other children have ever been called by; because, to my certain knowledge, authors sometimes get themselves into great trouble by accidentally giving the names of real persons to the characters in their books.
For this reason I mean to call them Primrose, Periwinkle, Sweet Fern, Dandelion, Blue Eye, Clover, Huckleberry, Cowslip, Squash-Blossom, Milkweed, Plantain, and Buttercup; although, to be sure, such titles might better suit a group of fairies than a company of earthly children.
It is not to be supposed that these little folks were to be permitted by their careful fathers and mothers, uncles, aunts, or grandparents, to stray abroad into the woods and fields, without the guardianship of some particularly grave and elderly person.
Oh, no, indeed!
In the first sentence of my book, you will recollect that I spoke of a tall youth, standing in the midst of the children.
His name (and I shall let you know his real name, because he considers it a great honor to have told the stories that are here to be printed) his name was Eustace Bright.
He was a student at Williams College, and had reached, I think, at this period, the venerable age of eighteen years; so that he felt quite like a grandfather towards Periwinkle, Dandelion, Huckleberry, Squash-Blossom, Milkweed, and the rest, who were only half or a third as venerable as he.
A trouble in his eyesight (such as many students think it necessary to have, nowadays, in order to prove their diligence at their books) had kept him from college a week or two after the beginning of the term.
But, for my part, I have seldom met with a pair of eyes that looked as if they could see farther or better than those of Eustace Bright.
This learned student was slender, and rather pale, as all Yankee students are; but yet of a healthy aspect, and as light and active as if he had wings to his shoes.
By the by, being much addicted to wading through streamlets and across meadows, he had put on cowhide boots for the expedition.
He wore a linen blouse, a cloth cap, and a pair of green spectacles, which he had assumed, probably, less for the preservation of his eyes than for the dignity that they imparted to his countenance.

Should we not all be kind and helpful to one another?
The Pine.
Well said, sister Spruce.
And I will do my best to help you.
I am not so strong as the Oak tree, little bird, but I will stand between you and the cold north wind.
Rest warm and safe in the branches of the kind Spruce tree.
Little Bird.
I thank you, tall Pine tree, for your kindness.
You are a good brother of the Spruce and I shall rest well while you are both taking care of me.
The Juniper.
I cannot keep the strong north wind from you, little bird with the broken wing, but if you are hungry, you may eat of my berries.
Perhaps then you will rest better.

Then the unhappy traveler loses his human head and must have the head of some animal or bird.
Comus enjoys seeing his victims act like wild and foolish animals or the forest.
In this dangerous wood the Lady Alice and her brothers are wandering, and my duty it is to protect them from the evil Comus.
Hark!
I think I hear the noisy band.
Here will I hide and listen.
[Comus and his crew enter; men and women with animal heads.]
Comus.
Now the sun has gone from the western heavens and the star of night shines over us.
This is the hour we love the best.
All the serious, wise old people who love the day and its work are weary now and have gone to bed.
We who love fun and a merry dance, we wake when the sky is flecked with golden stars.

A shorter adventure, and quite as exciting, was Tinker Bell's attempt, with the help of some street fairies, to have the sleeping Wendy conveyed on a great floating leaf to the mainland.
Fortunately the leaf gave way and Wendy woke, thinking it was bath-time, and swam back.
Or again, we might choose Peter's defiance of the lions, when he drew a circle round him on the ground with an arrow and dared them to cross it; and though he waited for hours, with the other boys and Wendy looking on breathlessly from trees, not one of them dared to accept his challenge.
Which of these adventures shall we choose?
The best way will be to toss for it.
I have tossed, and the lagoon has won.
This almost makes one wish that the gulch or the cake or Tink's leaf had won.
Of course I could do it again, and make it best out of three; however, perhaps fairest to stick to the lagoon.
Chapter 8 THE MERMAIDS' LAGOON 
If you shut your eyes and are a lucky one, you may see at times a shapeless pool of lovely pale colours suspended in the darkness; then if you squeeze your eyes tighter, the pool begins to take shape, and the colours become so vivid that with another squeeze they must go on fire.
But just before they go on fire you see the lagoon.
This is the nearest you ever get to it on the mainland, just one heavenly moment; if there could be two moments you might see the surf and hear the mermaids singing.
The children often spent long summer days on this lagoon, swimming or floating most of the time, playing the mermaid games in the water, and so forth.

In an instant the castle disappeared, and they were back again in their old hut.
“Now you have got what you want,”
said he; “and we can gnaw at a bare bone again.” “Ah,” said the woman, “I had rather not have riches if I am not to know from whom they come, for then I have no peace.”
The man went back to fish, and after a while he chanced to draw out the gold fish for a third time.
“Listen,” said the fish, “I see very well that I am fated to fall into your hands, take me home and cut me into six pieces; give your wife two of them to eat, two to your horse and bury two of them in the ground, then they will bring you a blessing.”
The fisherman took the fish home with him, and did as it had bidden him.
It came to pass, however, that from the two pieces that were buried in the ground two golden lilies sprang up, that the horse had two golden foals, and the fisherman’s wife bore two children who were made entirely of gold.
The children grew up, became tall and handsome, and the lilies and horses grew likewise.
Then they said, “Father, we want to mount our golden steeds and travel out in the world.” But he answered sorrowfully, “How shall I bear it if you go away, and I know not how it fares with you?” Then they said, “The two golden lilies remain here.
By them you can see how it is with us; if they are fresh, then we are in health; if they are withered, we are ill; if they perish, then we are dead.” So they rode forth and came to an inn, in which were many people, and when they perceived the gold-children they began to laugh, and jeer.
When one of them heard the mocking he felt ashamed and would not go out into the world, but turned back and went home again to his father.
But the other rode forward and reached a great forest.
As he was about to enter it, the people said, It is not safe for you to ride through, the wood is full of robbers who would treat you badly.
You will fare ill, and when they see that you are all of gold, and your horse likewise, they will assuredly kill you.’
But he would not allow himself to be frightened, and said, “I must and will ride through it.” Then he took bear-skins and covered himself and his horse with them, so that the gold was no more to be seen, and rode fearlessly into the forest.
When he had ridden onward a little he heard a rustling in the bushes, and heard voices speaking together.

For Mervo this was practically equivalent to the attack on the Bastille, and John, when the report of the atrocities was brought to him, became hopeful.
But the effort seemed temporarily to have exhausted the fury of the mob.
The rest of that day and the whole of the next passed without sensation.
After breakfast on the following morning Mr. Crump paid a visit to the Palace.
John was glad to see him.
The staff of the Palace were loyal, but considered as cheery companions, they were handicapped by the fact that they spoke no English, while John spoke no French.
Mr. Crump was the bearer of another note from Mr. Scobell.
This time John tore it up unread, and, turning to the secretary, invited him to sit down and make himself at home.
Sipping a cocktail and smoking one of John's cigars, Mr. Crump became confidential.
"This is a queer business," he said.
"Old Ben is chewing pieces out of the furniture up there.
He's mad clean through.

Buldeo was explaining how the tiger that had carried away Messua’s son was a ghost-tiger, and his body was inhabited by the ghost of a wicked, old money-lender, who had died some years ago.
“And I know that this is true,” he said, “because Purun Dass always limped from the blow that he got in a riot when his account books were burned, and the tiger that I speak of he limps, too, for the tracks of his pads are unequal.”
“True, true, that must be the truth,” said the gray-beards, nodding together.
“Are all these tales such cobwebs and moon talk?” said Mowgli.
“That tiger limps because he was born lame, as everyone knows.
To talk of the soul of a money-lender in a beast that never had the courage of a jackal is child’s talk.”
Buldeo was speechless with surprise for a moment, and the head-man stared.
“Oho!
It is the jungle brat, is it?” said Buldeo.
“If thou art so wise, better bring his hide to Khanhiwara, for the Government has set a hundred rupees on his life.
Better still, talk not when thy elders speak.”
Mowgli rose to go.
“All the evening I have lain here listening,” he called back over his shoulder, “and, except once or twice, Buldeo has not said one word of truth concerning the jungle, which is at his very doors.
How, then, shall I believe the tales of ghosts and gods and goblins which he says he has seen?”
“It is full time that boy went to herding,” said the head-man, while Buldeo puffed and snorted at Mowgli’s impertinence.
The custom of most Indian villages is for a few boys to take the cattle and buffaloes out to graze in the early morning, and bring them back at night.

And after that she was all right.
At least, you would have said so.
She talked a lot at dinner, and chaffed Bobbie, and played us ragtime on the piano afterwards, as if she hadn't a care in the world.
Quite a jolly little party it was not.
I'm no lynx-eyed sleuth, and all that sort of thing, but I had seen her face at the beginning, and I knew that she was working the whole time and working hard, to keep herself in hand, and that she would have given that diamond what's-its-name in her hair and everything else she possessed to have one good scream just one.
I've sat through some pretty thick evenings in my time, but that one had the rest beaten in a canter.
At the very earliest moment I grabbed my hat and got away.
Having seen what I did, I wasn't particularly surprised to meet Bobbie at the club next day looking about as merry and bright as a lonely gum-drop at an Eskimo tea-party.
He started in straightway.
He seemed glad to have someone to talk to about it.
"Do you know how long I've been married?"
he said.

Of course the Mimics have no knowledge of my arrangements to bring about the release of their victims.
I knew the escaped prisoners would find their way to me and I could aid them if I judged them worthy.
But I never expected to find inhabitants of the Land of Oz in the Mimic Cavern of the Doomed!"
"How is it," asked the Wizard, "that the Mimics were able to capture Dorothy and me, despite the fact that we are inhabitants of the Land of Oz?"
"You must remember," said Ozana, "that both you and Dorothy came to Oz from the great outside world and neither of you was an inhabitant of Oz when Queen Lurline cast her spell over the Mimics.
Hence you were not protected by that spell.
It was for just such an unlooked-for development as this that the wise Queen Lurline left me on this mountain top."
"May I ask then," said the Wizard, "why you knew nothing of the flight of the Mimic King and Queen to the Emerald City?"
Ozana's face flushed slightly at this question, and she replied hesitatingly.
"I must admit that I am fully responsible for all your troubles.
But I plead with you to consider my side of the story.
I have dwelt on this forsaken mountain top with no human companions for more than two hundred years.

He distrusts his own judgment in such matters so much, that he is always unwilling to give his opinion on any picture; but he has an innate propriety and simplicity of taste, which in general direct him perfectly right."
Marianne was afraid of offending, and said no more on the subject; but the kind of approbation which Elinor described as excited in him by the drawings of other people, was very far from that rapturous delight, which, in her opinion, could alone be called taste.
Yet, though smiling within herself at the mistake, she honoured her sister for that blind partiality to Edward which produced it.
"I hope, Marianne," continued Elinor, "you do not consider him as deficient in general taste.
Indeed, I think I may say that you cannot, for your behaviour to him is perfectly cordial, and if THAT were your opinion, I am sure you could never be civil to him."
Marianne hardly knew what to say.
She would not wound the feelings of her sister on any account, and yet to say what she did not believe was impossible.
At length she replied:
"Do not be offended, Elinor, if my praise of him is not in every thing equal to your sense of his merits.
I have not had so many opportunities of estimating the minuter propensities of his mind, his inclinations and tastes, as you have; but I have the highest opinion in the world of his goodness and sense.
I think him every thing that is worthy and amiable."
"I am sure," replied Elinor, with a smile, "that his dearest friends could not be dissatisfied with such commendation as that.
I do not perceive how you could express yourself more warmly."

Years went over, and the Giant grew very old and feeble.
He could not play about any more, so he sat in a huge armchair, and watched the children at their games, and admired his garden.
“I have many beautiful flowers,” he said; “but the children are the most beautiful flowers of all.”
One winter morning he looked out of his window as he was dressing.
He did not hate the Winter now, for he knew that it was merely the Spring asleep, and that the flowers were resting.
Suddenly he rubbed his eyes in wonder, and looked and looked.
It certainly was a marvellous sight.
In the farthest corner of the garden was a tree quite covered with lovely white blossoms.
Its branches were all golden, and silver fruit hung down from them, and underneath it stood the little boy he had loved.
Downstairs ran the Giant in great joy, and out into the garden.
He hastened across the grass, and came near to the child.
And when he came quite close his face grew red with anger, and he said, “Who hath dared to wound thee?”  For on the palms of the child’s hands were the prints of two nails, and the prints of two nails were on the little feet.
“Who hath dared to wound thee?” cried the Giant; “tell me, that I may take my big sword and slay him.”
“Nay!” answered the child; “but these are the wounds of Love.”
“Who art thou?” said the Giant, and a strange awe fell on him, and he knelt before the little child.

He had a good idea, he unbuckled the girths of the saddle, tied a couple of ropes which were hanging to a ring on the wall fast to the saddle, and drew the sleeping rider up into the air on it, then he twisted the rope round the posts, and made it fast.
He soon unloosed the horse from the chain, but if he had ridden over the stony pavement of the yard they would have heard the noise in the castle.
So he wrapped the horse’s hoofs in old rags, led him carefully out, leapt upon him, and galloped off.
When day broke, the master galloped to the castle on the stolen horse.
The count had just got up, and was looking out of the window.
“Good morning, Sir Count,” he cried to him, “here is the horse, which I have got safely out of the stable!
Just look, how beautifully your soldiers are lying there sleeping; and if you will but go into the stable, you will see how comfortable your watchers have made it for themselves.”
The count could not help laughing, then he said, “For once thou hast succeeded, but things won’t go so well the second time, and I warn thee that if thou comest before me as a thief, I will handle thee as I would a thief.” When the countess went to bed that night, she closed her hand with the wedding-ring tightly together, and the count said, “All the doors are locked and bolted, I will keep awake and wait for the thief, but if he gets in by the window, I will shoot him.” The master-thief, however, went in the dark to the gallows, cut a poor sinner who was hanging there down from the halter, and carried him on his back to the castle.
Then he set a ladder up to the bedroom, put the dead body on his shoulders, and began to climb up.
When he had got so high that the head of the dead man showed at the window, the count, who was watching in his bed, fired a pistol at him, and immediately the master let the poor sinner fall down, and hid himself in one corner.
The night was sufficiently lighted by the moon, for the master to see distinctly how the count got out of the window on to the ladder, came down, carried the dead body into the garden, and began to dig a hole in which to lay it.
“Now,” thought the thief, “the favourable moment has come,” stole nimbly out of his corner, and climbed up the ladder straight into the countess’s bedroom.
“Dear wife,” he began in the count’s voice, “the thief is dead, but, after all, he is my godson, and has been more of a scape-grace than a villain.

“I have only retired for a time,” said he, laughing.
“For a few months; at most for a year.”
“But there is no necessity for you to retire at all,” complained the general, “as far as I know.”
“I want to go and look after my country estates.
You advised me to do that yourself,” was the reply.
“And then I wish to go abroad.”
After a few more expostulations, the conversation drifted into other channels, but the prince, who had been an attentive listener, thought all this excitement about so small a matter very curious.
“There must be more in it than appears,” he said to himself.
“I see the ‘poor knight’ has come on the scene again,” said Evgenie Pavlovitch, stepping to Aglaya’s side.
To the amazement of the prince, who overheard the remark, Aglaya looked haughtily and inquiringly at the questioner, as though she would give him to know, once for all, that there could be no talk between them about the ‘poor knight,’ and that she did not understand his question.
“But not now!
It is too late to send to town for a Pushkin now.
It is much too late, I say!” Colia was exclaiming in a loud voice.
“I have told you so at least a hundred times.”
“Yes, it is really much too late to send to town now,” said Evgenie Pavlovitch, who had escaped from Aglaya as rapidly as possible.
“I am sure the shops are shut in Petersburg; it is past eight o’clock,” he added, looking at his watch.

I know the summer will pass happily away.
I mean never to be later in rising than six, and from that time till dinner I shall divide every moment between music and reading.
I have formed my plan, and am determined to enter on a course of serious study.
Our own library is too well known to me, to be resorted to for any thing beyond mere amusement.
But there are many works well worth reading at the Park; and there are others of more modern production which I know I can borrow of Colonel Brandon.
By reading only six hours a-day, I shall gain in the course of a twelve-month a great deal of instruction which I now feel myself to want."
Elinor honoured her for a plan which originated so nobly as this; though smiling to see the same eager fancy which had been leading her to the extreme of languid indolence and selfish repining, now at work in introducing excess into a scheme of such rational employment and virtuous self-control.
Her smile however changed to a sigh when she remembered that promise to Willoughby was yet unfulfilled, and feared she had that to communicate which might again unsettle the mind of Marianne, and ruin at least for a time this fair prospect of busy tranquillity.
Willing therefore to delay the evil hour, she resolved to wait till her sister's health were more secure, before she appointed it.
But the resolution was made only to be broken.
Marianne had been two or three days at home, before the weather was fine enough for an invalid like herself to venture out.
But at last a soft, genial morning appeared; such as might tempt the daughter's wishes and the mother's confidence; and Marianne, leaning on Elinor's arm, was authorised to walk as long as she could without fatigue, in the lane before the house.

You could never know that he might not still be inside."
So Little Claus gave his sack with the dried hide of the horse in it and received a full bushel of money in return, and the measure was full to the brim.
The farmer also gave him a large wheelbarrow, with which to take away the chest and the bushel of money.
"Good-by," said Little Claus, and off he went with his money and the chest with the sexton in it.
On the other side of the forest was a wide, deep river, whose current was so strong that it was almost impossible to swim against it.
A large, new bridge had just been built over it, and when they came to the middle of the bridge Little Claus said in a voice loud enough to be heard by the sexton: "What shall I do with this stupid old chest?
It might be full of paving stones, it is so heavy.
I am tired of wheeling it.
I'll just throw it into the river.
If it floats down to my home, well and good; if not, I don't care.
It will be no great matter."
And he took hold of the chest and lifted it a little, as if he were going to throw it into the river.

Things went on in this way until the children were ready to fly.
Then there were daily lessons in flying, alighting, clinging to branches, and tapping for food on the bark of trees.
They learned, too, how to support themselves with their stiff tails when they were walking up trees or stopping to eat with their claws hooked into the bark.
Then Mrs.
Red-headed Woodpecker taught them how to tell the ripest and sweetest fruit on the trees before they tasted it.
That is something many people would like to know, but it is a forest secret, and no bird will tell anyone who cannot fly.
It was on his way back from an orchard one day, that the vain young Woodpecker stopped to talk with an old Gray Squirrel.
It may be that the Gray Squirrel's sight was not good, and so he mistook the Woodpecker for quite another fellow.
He was speaking of an old tree where he had spent the last winter.
"I believe a family of Red-headed Woodpeckers live there now," he said.
"I have met them once or twice.
The father and mother are fine people, and they have charming daughters, but their son must be a great trial to them.
He is one of these silly fellows who see the world through their own feathers."

Happily for him, Pinocchio was made of very hard wood and the knives broke into a thousand pieces.
The Assassins looked at each other in dismay, holding the handles of the knives in their hands.
“I understand,” said one of them to the other, “there is nothing left to do now but to hang him.”
“To hang him,” repeated the other.
They tied Pinocchio’s hands behind his shoulders and slipped the noose around his neck.
Throwing the rope over the high limb of a giant oak tree, they pulled till the poor Marionette hung far up in space.
Satisfied with their work, they sat on the grass waiting for Pinocchio to give his last gasp.
But after three hours the Marionette’s eyes were still open, his mouth still shut and his legs kicked harder than ever.
Tired of waiting, the Assassins called to him mockingly: “Good-by till tomorrow.
When we return in the morning, we hope you’ll be polite enough to let us find you dead and gone and with your mouth wide open.” With these words they went.
A few minutes went by and then a wild wind started to blow.
As it shrieked and moaned, the poor little sufferer was blown to and fro like the hammer of a bell.
The rocking made him seasick and the noose, becoming tighter and tighter, choked him.

“But I am more than ever struck by your eccentricity, Lizabetha Prokofievna.
I admit that I told you of Lebedeff’s duplicity, on purpose.
I knew the effect it would have on you, on you alone, for the prince will forgive him.
He has probably forgiven him already, and is racking his brains to find some excuse for him is not that the truth, prince?”
He gasped as he spoke, and his strange agitation seemed to increase.
“Well?” said Mrs. Epanchin angrily, surprised at his tone; “well, what more?”
“I have heard many things of the kind about you...they delighted me...
I have learned to hold you in the highest esteem,” continued Hippolyte.
His words seemed tinged with a kind of sarcastic mockery, yet he was extremely agitated, casting suspicious glances around him, growing confused, and constantly losing the thread of his ideas.
All this, together with his consumptive appearance, and the frenzied expression of his blazing eyes, naturally attracted the attention of everyone present.
“I might have been surprised (though I admit I know nothing of the world), not only that you should have stayed on just now in the company of such people as myself and my friends, who are not of your class, but that you should let these... young ladies listen to such a scandalous affair, though no doubt novel-reading has taught them all there is to know.
I may be mistaken; I hardly know what I am saying; but surely no one but you would have stayed to please a whippersnapper (yes, a whippersnapper; I admit it) to spend the evening and take part in everything only to be ashamed of it tomorrow.
(I know I express myself badly.)
I admire and appreciate it all extremely, though the expression on the face of his excellency, your husband, shows that he thinks it very improper.

Woodchuck!"
he had grunted.
"You young Bushy-tail, I am a Ground Hog, and the Ground Hog family lived in this forest long before you ever opened your eyes.
People with good manners do not call us 'Woodchucks.'
We do not like the name.
My grandfather could not endure it."
It was not very long after this that he told the wondering young Rabbits about his grandfather.
When talking, the Ground Hog rested by the edge of his burrow, sitting on his haunches, and waving his queer little forepaws whenever he told anything especially important.
And this was the story:
"Perhaps you may have heard me speak of my grandfather.
Ah, he was a Ground Hog worth seeing!
He was large, and, although when I knew him the black fur on his back was streaked with gray, he was still handsome.
He was clever, too.

Jason had his troubles Minty well knew what they were but he bore them manfully.
He didn't like to have Clorinda use his hens' eggs when he was saving them to sell, and perhaps it was even more trying to be at school when the eggs man came around, and have Aunt Kittredge sell his eggs and put the money into her pocket.
Jason wished to go into business for himself, and he had a high opinion of the poultry business for a beginning.
Cyrus, their "hired man," had once lived with a man at North Edom who made fabulous sums by raising poultry.
But Aunt Kittredge's peculiar views of the rights of boys interfered with his accumulation of the necessary capital.
All these troubles Jason bore bravely.
It must be some great misfortune that caused him to look so utterly despairing, and to accuse her of such dreadful things, thought poor Minty.
Jason took pity on her woful face.
"P'raps you're not so much to blame, Mint.
You don't know," he said, in a somewhat softened tone.
"It's Aunt Kittredge."
Minty heaved a long, long sigh.

When the cook had gone up-stairs, she fetched the little golden spinning-wheel, and put it in the bowl so that the soup covered it.
Then it was taken to the King, who ate it, and liked it as much as before, and had the cook brought, who this time likewise was forced to confess that Allerleirauh had prepared the soup.
Allerleirauh again came before the King, but she answered that she was good for nothing else but to have boots thrown at her head, and that she knew nothing at all about the little golden spinning-wheel.
When, for the third time, the King held a festival, all happened just as it had done before.
The cook said, “Faith rough-skin, thou art a witch, and always puttest something in the soup which makes it so good that the King likes it better than that which I cook,” but as she begged so hard, he let her go up at the appointed time.
And now she put on the dress which shone like the stars, and thus entered the hall.
Again the King danced with the beautiful maiden, and thought that she never yet had been so beautiful.
And whilst she was dancing, he contrived, without her noticing it, to slip a golden ring on her finger, and he had given orders that the dance should last a very long time.
When it was ended, he wanted to hold her fast by her hands, but she tore herself loose, and sprang away so quickly through the crowd that she vanished from his sight.
She ran as fast as she could into her den beneath the stairs, but as she had been too long, and had stayed more than half-an-hour she could not take off her pretty dress, but only threw over it her fur-mantle, and in her haste she did not make herself quite black, but one finger remained white.
Then Allerleirauh ran into the kitchen, and cooked the bread soup for the King, and as the cook was away, put her golden reel into it.
When the King found the reel at the bottom of it, he caused Allerleirauh to be summoned, and then he espied the white finger, and saw the ring which he had put on it during the dance.

It stood in there on the table, made of yellow satiny wood, with a sliding lid ornamented with a beautiful little picture.
Submit had a certain pride in it, but her fear of losing it was not equal to her hope of possessing Thankful.
Submit had never had a doll, except a few plebeian ones, manufactured secretly out of corncobs, whom it took more imagination than she possessed to admire.
Gradually all emulation over the turkeys was lost in the naughty covetousness of her little friend and neighbour's doll.
Submit felt shocked and guilty, but she sat there paring the Baldwin apples, and thinking to herself: "If our turkey is only bigger, if it only is, then I shall have Thankful."
Her mouth was pursed up and her eyes snapped.
She did not talk at all, but pared very fast.
Her mother looked at her.
"If you don't take care, you'll cut your fingers," said she.
"You are in too much of a hurry.
I suppose you want to get out and gossip with Sarah again at the wall, but I can't let you waste any more time to-day.
There, I told you you would!"

“Pirates!” he cried.
The others came closer to him.
A strange smile was playing about his face, and Wendy saw it and shuddered.
While that smile was on his face no one dared address him; all they could do was to stand ready to obey.
The order came sharp and incisive.
“Dive!”
There was a gleam of legs, and instantly the lagoon seemed deserted.
Marooners' Rock stood alone in the forbidding waters as if it were itself marooned.
The boat drew nearer.
It was the pirate dinghy, with three figures in her, Smee and Starkey, and the third a captive, no other than Tiger Lily.
Her hands and ankles were tied, and she knew what was to be her fate.
She was to be left on the rock to perish, an end to one of her race more terrible than death by fire or torture, for is it not written in the book of the tribe that there is no path through water to the happy hunting-ground?
Yet her face was impassive; she was the daughter of a chief, she must die as a chief's daughter, it is enough.

Though so short a period ago—not a good lifetime—the census of the buffalo in Illinois exceeded the census of men now in London, and though at the present day not one horn or hoof of them remains in all that region; and though the cause of this wondrous extermination was the spear of man; yet the far different nature of the whale-hunt peremptorily forbids so inglorious an end to the Leviathan.
Forty men in one ship hunting the Sperm Whales for forty-eight months think they have done extremely well, and thank God, if at last they carry home the oil of forty fish.
Whereas, in the days of the old Canadian and Indian hunters and trappers of the West, when the far west (in whose sunset suns still rise) was a wilderness and a virgin, the same number of moccasined men, for the same number of months, mounted on horse instead of sailing in ships, would have slain not forty, but forty thousand and more buffaloes; a fact that, if need were, could be statistically stated.
Nor, considered aright, does it seem any argument in favour of the gradual extinction of the Sperm Whale, for example, that in former years (the latter part of the last century, say) these Leviathans, in small pods, were encountered much oftener than at present, and, in consequence, the voyages were not so prolonged, and were also much more remunerative.
Because, as has been elsewhere noticed, those whales, influenced by some views to safety, now swim the seas in immense caravans, so that to a large degree the scattered solitaries, yokes, and pods, and schools of other days are now aggregated into vast but widely separated, unfrequent armies.
That is all.
And equally fallacious seems the conceit, that because the so-called whale-bone whales no longer haunt many grounds in former years abounding with them, hence that species also is declining.
For they are only being driven from promontory to cape; and if one coast is no longer enlivened with their jets, then, be sure, some other and remoter strand has been very recently startled by the unfamiliar spectacle.
Furthermore: concerning these last mentioned Leviathans, they have two firm fortresses, which, in all human probability, will for ever remain impregnable.
And as upon the invasion of their valleys, the frosty Swiss have retreated to their mountains; so, hunted from the savannas and glades of the middle seas, the whale-bone whales can at last resort to their Polar citadels, and diving under the ultimate glassy barriers and walls there, come up among icy fields and floes; and in a charmed circle of everlasting December, bid defiance to all pursuit from man.
But as perhaps fifty of these whale-bone whales are harpooned for one cachalot, some philosophers of the forecastle have concluded that this positive havoc has already very seriously diminished their battalions.
But though for some time past a number of these whales, not less than 13,000, have been annually slain on the nor’ west coast by the Americans alone; yet there are considerations which render even this circumstance of little or no account as an opposing argument in this matter.

All through supper his spirits were so high that his aunt wondered “what had got into the child.” He took a good scolding about clodding Sid, and did not seem to mind it in the least.
He tried to steal sugar under his aunt's very nose, and got his knuckles rapped for it.
He said:
“Aunt, you don't whack Sid when he takes it.”
“Well, Sid don't torment a body the way you do.
You'd be always into that sugar if I warn't watching you.”
Presently she stepped into the kitchen, and Sid, happy in his immunity, reached for the sugar-bowl a sort of glorying over Tom which was wellnigh unbearable.
But Sid's fingers slipped and the bowl dropped and broke.
Tom was in ecstasies.
In such ecstasies that he even controlled his tongue and was silent.
He said to himself that he would not speak a word, even when his aunt came in, but would sit perfectly still till she asked who did the mischief; and then he would tell, and there would be nothing so good in the world as to see that pet model “catch it.” He was so brimful of exultation that he could hardly hold himself when the old lady came back and stood above the wreck discharging lightnings of wrath from over her spectacles.
He said to himself, “Now it's coming!” And the next instant he was sprawling on the floor!
The potent palm was uplifted to strike again when Tom cried out:
“Hold on, now, what 'er you belting me for?
Sid broke it!”
Aunt Polly paused, perplexed, and Tom looked for healing pity.
But when she got her tongue again, she only said:
“Umf!

“Look,” said the wife, “is not that nice!” “Yes,” said the husband, “and so we must always think it,—now we will live quite contented.” “We will think about that,” said the wife.
With that they ate something and went to bed.
Everything went well for a week or a fortnight, and then the woman said, “Hark you, husband, this cottage is far too small for us, and the garden and yard are little; the Flounder might just as well have given us a larger house.
I should like to live in a great stone castle; go to the Flounder, and tell him to give us a castle.” “Ah, wife,” said the man, “the cottage is quite good enough; why should we live in a castle?” “What!” said the woman; “just go there, the Flounder can always do that.” “No, wife,” said the man, “the Flounder has just given us the cottage, I do not like to go back so soon, it might make him angry.” “Go,” said the woman, “he can do it quite easily, and will be glad to do it; just you go to him.”
The man’s heart grew heavy, and he would not go.
He said to himself, “It is not right,” and yet he went.
And when he came to the sea the water was quite purple and dark-blue, and grey and thick, and no longer so green and yellow, but it was still quiet.
And he stood there and said—
“Flounder, flounder in the sea, Come, I pray thee, here to me; For my wife, good Ilsabil, Wills not as I’d have her will.”
“Well, what does she want, then?” said the Flounder.
“Alas,” said the man, half scared, “she wants to live in a great stone castle.” “Go to it, then, she is standing before the door,” said the Flounder.
Then the man went away, intending to go home, but when he got there, he found a great stone palace, and his wife was just standing on the steps going in, and she took him by the hand and said, “Come in.” So he went in with her, and in the castle was a great hall paved with marble, and many servants, who flung wide the doors; And the walls were all bright with beautiful hangings, and in the rooms were chairs and tables of pure gold, and crystal chandeliers hung from the ceiling, and all the rooms and bed-rooms had carpets, and food and wine of the very best were standing on all the tables, so that they nearly broke down beneath it.
Behind the house, too, there was a great court-yard, with stables for horses and cows, and the very best of carriages; there was a magnificent large garden, too, with the most beautiful flowers and fruit-trees, and a park quite half a mile long, in which were stags, deer, and hares, and everything that could be desired.
“Come,” said the woman, “isn’t that beautiful?” “Yes, indeed,” said the man, “now let it be; and we will live in this beautiful castle and be content.” “We will consider about that,” said the woman, “and sleep upon it;” thereupon they went to bed.
Next morning the wife awoke first, and it was just daybreak, and from her bed she saw the beautiful country lying before her.

All the time she was listening.
Her father and brothers had gone out; presently she started.
"Oh, Mother, they're killing the turkey!"
said she.
"Well, don't stop while the dishes are hot, if they are," returned her mother.
Submit wiped obediently, but as soon as the dishes were set away, she stole out in the barn where her father and brothers were picking the turkey.
"Father, when are you going to weigh him?"
she asked timidly.
"Not till to-night," said her father.
"Submit!"
called her mother.
Submit went in and swept the kitchen floor.

Her     dress is well chosen, too, for in a week she weds     Count Antonio, whom she passionately hates."
"By my faith, I envy him.
Yonder he comes,     arrayed like a bridegroom, except the black mask.
When that is off we shall see how he regards the     fair maid whose heart he cannot win, though her     stern father bestows her hand," returned the troubadour.
"Tis whispered that she loves the young English     artist who haunts her steps, and is spurned by the     old Count," said the lady, as they joined the dance.
The revel was at its height when a priest     appeared, and withdrawing the young pair to an alcove,     hung with purple velvet, he motioned them to kneel.
Instant silence fell on the gay throng, and not a     sound, but the dash of fountains or the rustle of     orange groves sleeping in the moonlight, broke the     hush, as Count de Adelon spoke thus:
    "My lords and ladies, pardon the ruse by which     I have gathered you here to witness the marriage of     my daughter.
Father, we wait your services."
All eyes turned toward the bridal party, and a     murmur of amazement went through the throng, for     neither bride nor groom removed their masks.
Curiosity     and wonder possessed all hearts, but respect restrained     all tongues till the holy rite was over.
Then the     eager spectators gathered round the count, demanding     an explanation.
"Gladly would I give it if I could, but I only     know that it was the whim of my timid Viola, and I     yielded to it.

Sid said:
“Tom!
Say, Tom!” [No response.]
“Here, Tom!
TOM!
What is the matter, Tom?” And he shook him and looked in his face anxiously.
Tom moaned out:
“Oh, don't, Sid.
Don't joggle me.”
“Why, what's the matter, Tom?
I must call auntie.”
“No never mind.
It'll be over by and by, maybe.
Don't call anybody.”
“But I must!
Don't groan so, Tom, it's awful.
How long you been this way?”
“Hours.

"So now we must wait," said he.
And they waited.
And every day the Princess came to see Nigel and brought him food cooked by the dragon, and he lived in his cave, and talked to her when she was there, and thought about her when she was not, and they were both as happy as the longest day in summer.
Then at last came The Day.
Nigel and the Princess laid their plans.
"You're sure he won't hurt you, my only treasure?"
said Nigel.
"Quite," said the Princess.
"I only wish I were half as sure that he wouldn't hurt you."
"My Princess," he said tenderly, "two great powers are on our side: the power of Love and the power of Arithmetic.
Those two are stronger than anything else in the world."
So when the tide began to go down, Nigel and the Princess ran out on to the sands, and there, in full sight of the terrace where the dragon kept watch, Nigel took his Princess in his arms and kissed her.

The Fourteenth Amendment, a bright little bon mot, became a law June 28, 1868, and was written in the minutes of Congress, so that people could go there and refresh their memories regarding it.
It guaranteed civil rights to all, regardless of race, color, odor, wildness or wooliness whatsoever, and allows all noses to be counted in Congressional representations, no matter what angle they may be at or what the color may be.
Some American citizens murmur at taxation without representation, but the negro murmurs at representation without remuneration.
The Fenian excitement of 1866 died out without much loss of life.
In October, 1867, Alaska was purchased from Russia for seven million two hundred thousand dollars.
The ice-crop since then would more than pay for the place, and it has also a water-power and cranberry marsh on it.
The rule of the Imperialists in France prompted the appointment of Maximilian, Archduke of Austria, as Emperor of Mexico, supported by the French army.
The Americans, still sore and in debt at the heels of their own war, pitied the helpless Mexicans, and, acting on the principles enunciated in the Monroe Doctrine, demanded the recall of Maximilian, who, deserted finally by his foreign abettors, was defeated and as a prisoner shot by the Mexicans, June 19, 1867.
The Atlantic cable was laid from Valentia Bay in Ireland to Heart's Content, Newfoundland, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-four miles, and the line from New York to the latter place built in 1856, a distance of one thousand miles, making in all, as keen mathematicians will see, two thousand eight hundred and sixty-four miles.
A very agreeable commercial treaty with China was arranged in 1868.
Grant and Colfax, Republicans, succeeded Andrew Johnson in the next election, Horatio Seymour, of New York, and Frank P. Blair, of Missouri, being the Democratic nominees.
Virginia and Mississippi had not been fully reconstructed, and so were not yet permitted to vote.

"There they are," said she, "reposing themselves and chewing their fiery cuds in that farthest corner of the field.
It will be excellent sport, I assure you, when they catch a glimpse of your figure.
My father and all his court delight in nothing so much as to see a stranger trying to yoke them, in order to come at the Golden Fleece.
It makes a holiday in Colchis whenever such a thing happens.
For my part, I enjoy it immensely.
You cannot imagine in what a mere twinkling of an eye their hot breath shrivels a young man into a black cinder."
"Are you sure, beautiful Medea," asked Jason, "quite sure, that the unguent in the gold box will prove a remedy against those terrible burns?"
"If you doubt, if you are in the least afraid," said the princess, looking him in the face by the dim starlight, "you had better never have been born than to go a step nigher to the bulls."
But Jason had set his heart steadfastly on getting the Golden Fleece; and I positively doubt whether he would have gone back without it, even had he been certain of finding himself turned into a red-hot cinder, or a handful of white ashes, the instant he made a step farther.
He therefore let go Medea's hand, and walked boldly forward in the direction whither she had pointed.
At some distance before him he perceived four streams of fiery vapor, regularly appearing and again vanishing, after dimly lighting up the surrounding obscurity.
These, you will understand, were caused by the breath of the brazen bulls, which was quietly stealing out of their four nostrils, as they lay chewing their cuds.

At night, she would knit, or read one of the frequent reports that arrived at the cottage from charity workers on the East Side.
Those were her two hobbies, and her only extravagances clocks and charity.
Her charity had its limitations.
In actual money she expended little.
She was a theoretical philanthropist.
She lent her influence, her time, and her advice, but seldom her bank balance.
Arrange an entertainment for the delectation of the poor, and you would find her on the platform, but her name would not be on the list of subscribers to the funds.
She would deliver a lecture on thrift to an audience of factory girls, and she would give them a practical example of what she preached.
Yet, with all its limitations, her charity was partly genuine.
Her mind was like a country in the grip of civil war.
One-half of her sincerely pitied the poor, burned at any story of oppression, and cried "Give!"
but the other cried "Halt!"

Whether "Cat and Calftail" is a corruption of Captain Calftail or (more likely) Captain Calftail was evolved from a Fool in Calf's hide and Cat's skins, it is hard to say.
They are evidently one and the same shabby personage!
The song which I have placed at the head of the Peace Egg Play has other verses which also recite "the argument" of the piece, but not one is worth recording.
A third song does not, I feel sure, belong to the classic versions, but to another "rude and vulgar" one, which I have not seen for some years, and which was played in a dialect dark, even to those who flattered themselves that they were to the manner born.
In it St. George and the Old Fool wrangle, the O.F.
accusing the Patron Saint of England of stealing clothes hung out to dry on the hedges.
St. George, who has previously boasted 
    I've travelled this world all round,     And hope to do it again,     I was once put out of my way     By a hundred and forty men 
 indignantly denies the theft, and adds that, on the contrary, he has always sent home money to his old mother.
To which the Old Fool contemptuously responds 
    All the relations thou had were few,     Thou had an Old Granny I knew,     She went a red-cabbage selling,     As a many old people do.
In either this, or another, rough version, the hero (presumably St.
George) takes counsel with Man Jack on his love affairs.
Man Jack is played by a small boy in a very tall beaver hat, and with his face blacked.
"My Man Jack, what can the matter be?
That I should luv this lady, and she will not luv me."

He had slept all the evening, through the night and morning, and well into the next afternoon!
He awakened refreshed, and the first thought in his mind was, "I'm in lion-land at last!"
But the thought sent a cold shiver through him, and he dived under the bedclothes.
A moment later he determined to be up.
Exclaiming, "Now for the lions!"
he jumped on the floor and began his preparations.
His plan was to get out at once into the country, take ambush for the night, shoot the first lion that came along, and then back to the hotel for breakfast.
So off he went, carrying not only his usual arsenal, but the marvellous patent tent strapped to his back.
He attracted no little attention as he trudged along, and catching sight of a very fine camel, his heart beat fast, for he thought the lions could not be far off now.
It was quite dark by the time he had got only a little way beyond the outskirts of the town, scrambling over ditches and bramble-hedges.
After much hard work of this kind, the mighty hunter suddenly stopped, whispering to himself, "I seem to smell a lion hereabouts."
He sniffed keenly in all directions.

As this is the most prominent, and some say the most attractive table of all, and they are the chief getters-up of the fair, it is thought best for them to take this place.
I'm sorry, but I know you are too sincerely interested in the cause to mind a little personal disappointment, and you shall have another table if you like."
Mrs. Chester fancied beforehand that it would be easy to deliver this little speech, but when the time came, she found it rather difficult to utter it naturally, with Amy's unsuspicious eyes looking straight at her full of surprise and trouble.
Amy felt that there was something behind this, but could not guess what, and said quietly, feeling hurt, and showing that she did, "Perhaps you had rather I took no table at all?"
"Now, my dear, don't have any ill feeling, I beg.
It's merely a matter of expediency, you see, my girls will naturally take the lead, and this table is considered their proper place.
I think it very appropriate to you, and feel very grateful for your efforts to make it so pretty, but we must give up our private wishes, of course, and I will see that you have a good place elsewhere.
Wouldn't you like the flower table?
The little girls undertook it, but they are discouraged.
You could make a charming thing of it, and the flower table is always attractive you know."
"Especially to gentlemen," added May, with a look which enlightened Amy as to one cause of her sudden fall from favor.
She colored angrily, but took no other notice of that girlish sarcasm, and answered with unexpected amiability...
"It shall be as you please, Mrs. Chester.

LITTLE RED RIDING-HOOD.
six           take            cake           coat          butter          basket           hood          always          off 
When May was six years old, her grandma made her a red coat with a hood.
She looked so pretty in it that the children all called her "Red Riding-Hood."
One day her mama said, "I want you to take this cake and some butter to grandma."
Red Riding-Hood was very glad to go.
She always had a good time at grandma's.
She put the things into her little basket and ran off.
*       *
          wolf          mill            shall           going         first           wood 
When Red Riding-Hood came to the wood, she met a big wolf.
"Where are you going?"
said the wolf.
Red Riding-Hood said, "I am going to see my grandma.
Mama has made her a cake and some butter."

But in another moment he saw two tall, enraged negroes bearing down upon him.
He had seen them before at Milianah, and this was their poor blind lion!
Fortunately for Tartarin, he was not so deeply in the desert as he had thought, but merely outside the town of Orleansville, and a policeman now came up, attracted by the firing, and took full particulars.
The upshot of it was that he had to suffer much delay in Orleansville, and was eventually fined one hundred pounds.
How to pay this was a problem which he solved by selling all his extensive outfit, bit by bit.
When his debts were paid, he had nothing but the lion's skin and the camel.
The former he dispatched to Major Bravida at Tarascon.
Nobody would buy the camel, and its master had to face all the journey back to Algiers in short stages on foot.
IV.
The Home-Coming of the Hero 
The camel showed a curious affection for him, and followed him as faithfully as a dog.
When, at the end of eight days' weary tramping, he came at last to Algiers, he did all he could to lose the animal, and hoped he had succeeded.
He met the captain of the Zouave, who told him that all Algiers had been laughing at the story of how he had killed the blind lion, and he offered Tartarin a free passage home.

His hand shook and his mouth shook and his voice shook.
He was an ignorant old man and a tactless old man and he could only remember the things he had heard.
“Tha’—tha’ hasn’t got a crooked back?” he said hoarsely.
“No!” shouted Colin.
“Tha’—tha’ hasn’t got crooked legs?” quavered Ben more hoarsely yet.
It was too much.
The strength which Colin usually threw into his tantrums rushed through him now in a new way.
Never yet had he been accused of crooked legs—even in whispers—and the perfectly simple belief in their existence which was revealed by Ben Weatherstaff’s voice was more than Rajah flesh and blood could endure.
His anger and insulted pride made him forget everything but this one moment and filled him with a power he had never known before, an almost unnatural strength.
“Come here!” he shouted to Dickon, and he actually began to tear the coverings off his lower limbs and disentangle himself.
“Come here!
Come here!

Portraits were hanging on the walls, and near the white porcelain stove stood two large Chinese vases with lions on the covers.
There, too, were large easy-chairs, silken sofas, large tables full of picture-books and full of toys, worth hundreds and hundreds of crowns at least the children said so.
And the Fir Tree was stuck upright in a cask that was filled with sand; but no one could see that it was a cask, for green cloth was hung all round it, and it stood on a large gaily-colored carpet.
Oh!
how the Tree quivered!
What was to happen?
The servants, as well as the young ladies, decorated it.
On one branch there hung little nets cut out of colored paper, and each net was filled with sugarplums; and among the other boughs gilded apples and walnuts were suspended, looking as though they had grown there, and little blue and white tapers were placed among the leaves.
Dolls that looked for all the world like men the Tree had never beheld such before were seen among the foliage, and at the very top a large star of gold tinsel was fixed.
It was really splendid beyond description splendid.
“This evening!” they all said.
“How it will shine this evening!”
“Oh!” thought the Tree.

The battle of Eutaw Springs, September 8, also greatly reduced the British forces at that point.
Arnold conducted a campaign into Virginia, and was very brutal about it, killing a great many people who were strangers to him, and who had never harmed him, not knowing him, as the historian says, from "Adam's off ox."
Cornwallis in this Virginia and Southern trip destroyed ten million dollars' worth of property, and then fortified himself at Yorktown.
Washington decided to besiege Yorktown, and, making a feint to fool Clinton, set out for that place, visiting Mount Vernon en route after an absence of six and a half years, though only stopping two days.
Washington was a soldier in the true sense, and, when a lad, was given a little hatchet by his father.
George cut down some cherry-trees with this, in order to get the cherries without climbing the trees.
One day his father discovered that the trees had been cut down, and spoke of it to the lad.
"Yes," said George, "I did it with my little hatchet; but I would rather cut down a thousand cherry-trees and tell the truth about it than be punished for it."
"Well said, my brave boy!"
exclaimed the happy father as he emptied George's toy bank into his pocket in payment for the trees.
"You took the words right out of my mouth."
In speaking of the siege of Yorktown, the historian says, "The most hearty good will prevailed."

"This is an abominable desecration."
Before he could rise, she pulled him back into his seat.
"We will stay it out," she declared.
"Do you want to advertise the copy by exhibiting the original coat?"
So they remained to the end.
Hargraves's success must have kept him up late that night, for neither at the breakfast nor at the dinner table did he appear.
About three in the afternoon he tapped at the door of Major Talbot's study.
The Major opened it, and Hargraves walked in with his hands full of the morning papers too full of his triumph to notice anything unusual in the Major's demeanor.
"I put it all over 'em last night, Major," he began exultantly.
"I had my inning, and, I think, scored.
Here's what The Post says:
"'His conception and portrayal of the old-time Southern colonel, with his absurd grandiloquence, his eccentric garb, his quaint idioms and phrases, his motheaten pride of family, and his really kind heart, fastidious sense of honor, and lovable simplicity, is the best delineation of a character role on the boards to-day.
The coat worn by Colonel Calhoun is itself nothing less than an evolution of genius.

I've been giving her some milk."
Mr. Jarvis nodded, with his eyes on the floor.
There was a pause.
Then he looked up, and, fixing his gaze some three feet above her head, spoke.
"Say!"
he said, and paused again.
Betty waited expectantly.
He relaxed into silence again, apparently thinking.
"Say!"
he said.
"Ma'am, obliged.
Fond of de kit.

Actually the tears meant that a curious great relief had come to him.
Presently he turned and looked at the nurse again and strangely enough he was not like a Rajah at all as he spoke to her.
“Do you think—I could—live to grow up?” he said.
The nurse was neither clever nor soft-hearted but she could repeat some of the London doctor’s words.
“You probably will if you will do what you are told to do and not give way to your temper, and stay out a great deal in the fresh air.”
Colin’s tantrum had passed and he was weak and worn out with crying and this perhaps made him feel gentle.
He put out his hand a little toward Mary, and I am glad to say that, her own tantum having passed, she was softened too and met him half-way with her hand, so that it was a sort of making up.
“I’ll—I’ll go out with you, Mary,” he said.
“I shan’t hate fresh air if we can find—” He remembered just in time to stop himself from saying “if we can find the secret garden” and he ended, “I shall like to go out with you if Dickon will come and push my chair.
I do so want to see Dickon and the fox and the crow.”
The nurse remade the tumbled bed and shook and straightened the pillows.
Then she made Colin a cup of beef tea and gave a cup to Mary, who really was very glad to get it after her excitement.
Mrs. Medlock and Martha gladly slipped away, and after everything was neat and calm and in order the nurse looked as if she would very gladly slip away also.
She was a healthy young woman who resented being robbed of her sleep and she yawned quite openly as she looked at Mary, who had pushed her big footstool close to the four-posted bed and was holding Colin’s hand.

"Well?"
said John.
Mr. Crump looked grave.
"He says there is a large mob in the market-place.
They are talking "
"They would be!"
" of moving in force on the Palace.
The Palace Guards have gone over to the people.
General Poineau urges you to disguise yourself and escape while there is time.
You will be safe at his villa till the excitement subsides, when you can be smuggled over to France during the night "
"Not for mine," said John, shaking his head.
"It's mighty good of you, General, and I appreciate it, but I can't wait till night.
The boat leaves for Marseilles in another hour.
I'll catch that.

"Well, I shall read them all.
I love to read.
I am so glad I learned to read."
"If I might venture to advise Your Majesty," said the Prime Minister, "I should not read these books.
Your great "
"Yes?"
said Lionel, quickly.
"He was a very good King oh, yes, really a very superior King in his way, but he was a little well, strange."
"Mad?"
asked Lionel, cheerfully.
"No, no" both the gentlemen were sincerely shocked.
"Not mad; but if I may express it so, he was er too clever by half.
And I should not like a little King of mine to have anything to do with his books."

"There must be something," continued Mrs. Oakley.
"When I was your age I had taught myself bookkeeping, shorthand, and typewriting.
What can you do?
Can you use a typewriter?"
Blessed word!
"Yes," said Betty promptly.
"Well?"
"Not very well?"
"H'm.
Well, I expect you will do it well enough for Mr. Renshaw on my recommendation.
I'll give you a letter to him.
He is the editor of a small weekly paper.

do not forget that we have a christening to-day!” and running after him he took him by the sleeve, but was also held fast to it.
Whilst the five were trotting thus one behind the other, two labourers came with their hoes from the fields; the parson called out to them and begged that they would set him and the sexton free.
But they had scarcely touched the sexton when they were held fast, and now there were seven of them running behind Dummling and the goose.
Soon afterwards he came to a city, where a king ruled who had a daughter who was so serious that no one could make her laugh.
So he had put forth a decree that whosoever should be able to make her laugh should marry her.
When Dummling heard this, he went with his goose and all her train before the King’s daughter, and as soon as she saw the seven people running on and on, one behind the other, she began to laugh quite loudly, and as if she would never leave off.
Thereupon Dummling asked to have her for his wife, and the wedding was celebrated.
After the King’s death, Dummling inherited the kingdom and lived a long time contentedly with his wife.
65 Allerleirauh 
There was once on a time a King who had a wife with golden hair, and she was so beautiful that her equal was not to be found on earth.
It came to pass that she lay ill, and as she felt that she must soon die, she called the King and said, “If thou wishest to marry again after my death, take no one who is not quite as beautiful as I am, and who has not just such golden hair as I have: this thou must promise me.” And after the King had promised her this she closed her eyes and died.
For a long time the King could not be comforted, and had no thought of taking another wife.
At length his councillors said, “There is no help for it, the King must marry again, that we may have a Queen.” And now messengers were sent about far and wide, to seek a bride who equalled the late Queen in beauty.

For instance, he made a point of never asserting himself when he would gain more by keeping in the background; and in consequence many exalted personages valued him principally for his humility and simplicity, and because “he knew his place.” And yet if these good people could only have had a peep into the mind of this excellent fellow who “knew his place” so well!
The fact is that, in spite of his knowledge of the world and his really remarkable abilities, he always liked to appear to be carrying out other people’s ideas rather than his own.
And also, his luck seldom failed him, even at cards, for which he had a passion that he did not attempt to conceal.
He played for high stakes, and moved, altogether, in very varied society.
As to age, General Epanchin was in the very prime of life; that is, about fifty-five years of age, the flowering time of existence, when real enjoyment of life begins.
His healthy appearance, good colour, sound, though discoloured teeth, sturdy figure, preoccupied air during business hours, and jolly good humour during his game at cards in the evening, all bore witness to his success in life, and combined to make existence a bed of roses to his excellency.
The general was lord of a flourishing family, consisting of his wife and three grown-up daughters.
He had married young, while still a lieutenant, his wife being a girl of about his own age, who possessed neither beauty nor education, and who brought him no more than fifty souls of landed property, which little estate served, however, as a nest-egg for far more important accumulations.
The general never regretted his early marriage, or regarded it as a foolish youthful escapade; and he so respected and feared his wife that he was very near loving her.
Mrs. Epanchin came of the princely stock of Muishkin, which if not a brilliant, was, at all events, a decidedly ancient family; and she was extremely proud of her descent.
With a few exceptions, the worthy couple had lived through their long union very happily.
While still young the wife had been able to make important friends among the aristocracy, partly by virtue of her family descent, and partly by her own exertions; while, in after life, thanks to their wealth and to the position of her husband in the service, she took her place among the higher circles as by right.

ST. PATRICK.
I am St. Patrick from the bogs, This truth I fain would learn ye, I banished serpents, toads, and frogs, From beautiful Hibernia.
I flourished my shillelah And the reptiles all ran races, And they took their way into the sea, And they've never since shown their faces.
[Enter THE PRINCE OF PARADINE.]
PRINCE.
I am black Prince of Paradine, born of high renown, Soon will I fetch thy lofty courage down.
Cry grace, thou Irish conqueror of toads and frogs, Give me thy sword, or else I'll give thy carcase to the dogs.
ST. PATRICK.
Now, Prince of Paradine, where have you been?
And what fine sights pray have you seen?
Dost think that no man of thy age Dares such a black as thee engage?
Stand off, thou black Morocco dog, or by my sword thou'lt die, I'll pierce thy body full of holes, and make thy buttons fly.

Said I not all seams and dents but one?”
“Aye, blacksmith, it is the one; aye, man, it is unsmoothable; for though thou only see’st it here in my flesh, it has worked down into the bone of my skull—that is all wrinkles!
But, away with child’s play; no more gaffs and pikes to-day.
Look ye here!” jingling the leathern bag, as if it were full of gold coins.
“I, too, want a harpoon made; one that a thousand yoke of fiends could not part, Perth; something that will stick in a whale like his own fin-bone.
There’s the stuff,” flinging the pouch upon the anvil.
“Look ye, blacksmith, these are the gathered nail-stubbs of the steel shoes of racing horses.”
“Horse-shoe stubbs, sir?
Why, Captain Ahab, thou hast here, then, the best and stubbornest stuff we blacksmiths ever work.”
“I know it, old man; these stubbs will weld together like glue from the melted bones of murderers.
Quick!
forge me the harpoon.
And forge me first, twelve rods for its shank; then wind, and twist, and hammer these twelve together like the yarns and strands of a tow-line.
Quick!
I’ll blow the fire.”
When at last the twelve rods were made, Ahab tried them, one by one, by spiralling them, with his own hand, round a long, heavy iron bolt.

I can't resist them when I see Sallie buying all she wants, and pitying me because I don't.
I try to be contented, but it is hard, and I'm tired of being poor."
The last words were spoken so low she thought he did not hear them, but he did, and they wounded him deeply, for he had denied himself many pleasures for Meg's sake.
She could have bitten her tongue out the minute she had said it, for John pushed the books away and got up, saying with a little quiver in his voice, "I was afraid of this.
I do my best, Meg."
If he had scolded her, or even shaken her, it would not have broken her heart like those few words.
She ran to him and held him close, crying, with repentant tears, "Oh, John, my dear, kind, hard-working boy.
I didn't mean it!
It was so wicked, so untrue and ungrateful, how could I say it!
Oh, how could I say it!"
He was very kind, forgave her readily, and did not utter one reproach, but Meg knew that she had done and said a thing which would not be forgotten soon, although he might never allude to it again.
She had promised to love him for better or worse, and then she, his wife, had reproached him with his poverty, after spending his earnings recklessly.

Tell away, Jo, and don't be afraid."
"The idea of being afraid of you!
Well, you see we used to play Pilgrim's Progress, and we have been going on with it in earnest, all winter and summer."
"Yes, I know," said Laurie, nodding wisely.
"Who told you?"
demanded Jo.
"Spirits."
"No, I did.
I wanted to amuse him one night when you were all away, and he was rather dismal.
He did like it, so don't scold, Jo," said Beth meekly.
"You can't keep a secret.
Never mind, it saves trouble now."

"Whatever comes," she said, "cannot alter one thing.
If I am a princess in rags and tatters, I can be a princess inside.
It would be easy to be a princess if I were dressed in cloth of gold, but it is a great deal more of a triumph to be one all the time when no one knows it.
There was Marie Antoinette when she was in prison and her throne was gone and she had only a black gown on, and her hair was white, and they insulted her and called her Widow Capet.
She was a great deal more like a queen then than when she was so gay and everything was so grand.
I like her best then.
Those howling mobs of people did not frighten her.
She was stronger than they were, even when they cut her head off."
This was not a new thought, but quite an old one, by this time.
It had consoled her through many a bitter day, and she had gone about the house with an expression in her face which Miss Minchin could not understand and which was a source of great annoyance to her, as it seemed as if the child were mentally living a life which held her above the rest of the world.
It was as if she scarcely heard the rude and acid things said to her; or, if she heard them, did not care for them at all.
Sometimes, when she was in the midst of some harsh, domineering speech, Miss Minchin would find the still, unchildish eyes fixed upon her with something like a proud smile in them.

Carry with thee this magic ball.
Cast her from his arms for ever,   Bury her in the rippling river.”
At midday the Prince and his men came to a deep river, spanned by so narrow a bridge that only one rider could cross at a time.
The horse on which the Prince and the maiden were riding had just reached the middle when the magic ball flew by.
The horse in its fright suddenly reared, and before anyone could stop it flung the maiden into the swift current below.
The Prince tried to jump in after her, but his men held him back, and in spite of his struggles led him home, where for six weeks he shut himself up in a secret chamber, and would neither eat nor drink, so great was his grief.
At last he became so ill his life was despaired of, and in great alarm the King caused all the wizards of his country to be summoned.
But none could cure him.
At last the wind wizard’s son said to the King: “Send for the old wizard from Finland he knows more than all the wizards of your kingdom put together.” A messenger was at once sent to Finland, and a week later the old wizard himself arrived on the wings of the wind.
“Honored King,” said the wizard, “the wind has blown this illness upon your son, and a magic ball has snatched away his beloved.
This it is which makes him grieve so constantly.
Let the wind blow upon him that it may blow away his sorrow.” Then the King made his son go out into the wind, and he gradually recovered and told his father all.
“Forget the maiden,” said the King, “and take another bride”; but the Prince said he could never love another.

They said, "Put on your very best clothes and come with us.
You must be Thrym's wife."
Freyja said, "Do you think I will be the Frost Giant's wife?
I won't be his wife."
Thor said, "We can get the hammer back if you will."
But Freyja said, "No, I will not be his wife."
Loki said, "You will have to, if we get the hammer back."
Still Freyja said, "I will not go."
And she was very angry.
She shook so hard that she broke her necklace and it fell to the floor.
bride         braided         wagon           vail          servant         goat 
Then the gods said, "Thor, you must dress like Freyja.
You will have to play you are the bride."

I will instantly change thee into a church and myself into a priest, and I will stand up in the pulpit, and preach.” When the King got to the place, there stood a church, and in the pulpit was a priest preaching.
So he listened to the sermon, and then went home again.
Then the Queen asked why he had not brought their daughter with him, and he said, “Nay, I ran a long time after her, and just as I thought I should soon overtake her, a church was standing there and a priest was in the pulpit preaching.” “Thou shouldst just have brought the priest,”
said his wife, “and then the church would soon have come.
It is no use to send thee, I must go there myself.” When she had walked for some time, and could see the two in the distance, the King’s daughter peeped round and saw her mother coming, and said, “Now we are undone, for my mother is coming herself: I will immediately change thee into a fish-pond and myself into a fish.
When the mother came to the place, there was a large fish-pond, and in the midst of it a fish was leaping about and peeping out of the water, and it was quite merry.
She wanted to catch the fish, but she could not.
Then she was very angry, and drank up the whole pond in order to catch the fish, but it made her so ill that she was forced to vomit, and vomited the whole pond out again.
Then she cried, “I see very well that nothing can be done now,” and said that now they might come back to her.
Then the King’s daughter went back again, and the Queen gave her daughter three walnuts, and said, “With these thou canst help thyself when thou art in thy greatest need.” So the young folks went once more away together.
And when they had walked quite ten miles, they arrived at the castle from whence the King’s son came, and close by it was a village.
When they reached it, the King’s son said, “Stay here, my dearest, I will just go to the castle, and then will I come with a carriage and with attendants to fetch thee.”
When he got to the castle they all rejoiced greatly at having the King’s son back again, and he told them he had a bride who was now in the village, and they must go with the carriage to fetch her.
Then they harnessed the horses at once, and many attendants seated themselves outside the carriage.

Seeing this did more for Jo than the wisest sermons, the saintliest hymns, the most fervent prayers that any voice could utter.
For with eyes made clear by many tears, and a heart softened by the tenderest sorrow, she recognized the beauty of her sister's life uneventful, unambitious, yet full of the genuine virtues which 'smell sweet, and blossom in the dust', the self-forgetfulness that makes the humblest on earth remembered soonest in heaven, the true success which is possible to all.
One night when Beth looked among the books upon her table, to find something to make her forget the mortal weariness that was almost as hard to bear as pain, as she turned the leaves of her old favorite, Pilgrims's Progress, she found a little paper, scribbled over in Jo's hand.
The name caught her eye and the blurred look of the lines made her sure that tears had fallen on it.
"Poor Jo!
She's fast asleep, so I won't wake her to ask leave.
She shows me all her things, and I don't think she'll mind if I look at this", thought Beth, with a glance at her sister, who lay on the rug, with the tongs beside her, ready to wake up the minute the log fell apart.
MY BETH 
    Sitting patient in the shadow     Till the blessed light shall come,     A serene and saintly presence     Sanctifies our troubled home.
Earthly joys and hopes and sorrows     Break like ripples on the strand     Of the deep and solemn river     Where her willing feet now stand.
O my sister, passing from me,     Out of human care and strife,     Leave me, as a gift, those virtues     Which have beautified your life.
Dear, bequeath me that great patience     Which has power to sustain     A cheerful, uncomplaining spirit     In its prison-house of pain.
Give me, for I need it sorely,     Of that courage, wise and sweet,     Which has made the path of duty     Green beneath your willing feet.

But it came to pass one day when the man was sitting by the water-side, and casting his net, that he drew out a fish entirely of gold.
As he was looking at the fish, full of astonishment, it began to speak and said, “Hark you, fisherman, if you will throw me back again into the water, I will change your little hut into a splendid castle.” Then the fisherman answered, “Of what use is a castle to me, if I have nothing to eat?” The gold fish continued, “That shall be taken care of, there will be a cupboard in the castle in which, when you open it, shall be dishes of the most delicate meats, and as many of them as you can desire.” “If that be true,” said the man, “then I can well do you a favour.” “Yes,” said the fish, “there is, however, the condition that you shall disclose to no one in the world, whosoever he may be, whence your good luck has come, if you speak but one single word, all will be over.” Then the man threw the wonderful fish back again into the water, and went home.
But where his hovel had formerly stood, now stood a great castle.
He opened wide his eyes, entered, and saw his wife dressed in beautiful clothes, sitting in a splendid room, and she was quite delighted, and said, “Husband, how has all this come to pass?
It suits me very well.” “Yes,” said the man, “it suits me too, but I am frightfully hungry, just give me something to eat.” Said the wife, “But I have got nothing and don’t know where to find anything in this new house.” “There is no need of your knowing,” said the man, “for I see yonder a great cupboard, just unlock it.” When she opened it, there stood cakes, meat, fruit, wine, quite a bright prospect.
Then the woman cried joyfully, “What more can you want, my dear?” and they sat down, and ate and drank together.
When they had had enough, the woman said, “But husband, whence come all these riches?” “Alas,”
answered he, “do not question me about it, for I dare not tell you anything; if I disclose it to any one, then all our good fortune will fly.” “Very good,” said she, “if I am not to know anything, then I do not want to know anything.” However, she was not in earnest; she never rested day or night, and she goaded her husband until in his impatience he revealed that all was owing to a wonderful golden fish which he had caught, and to which in return he had given its liberty.
And as soon as the secret was out, the splendid castle with the cupboard immediately disappeared, they were once more in the old fisherman’s hut, and the man was obliged to follow his former trade and fish.
But fortune would so have it, that he once more drew out the golden fish.
“Listen,” said the fish, “if you will throw me back into the water again, I will once more give you the castle with the cupboard full of roast and boiled meats; only be firm, for your life’s sake don’t reveal from whom you have it, or you will lose it all again!” “I will take good care,”
answered the fisherman, and threw the fish back into the water.
Now at home everything was once more in its former magnificence, and the wife was overjoyed at their good fortune, but curiosity left her no peace, so that after a couple of days she began to ask again how it had come to pass, and how he had managed to secure it.
The man kept silence for a short time, but at last she made him so angry that he broke out, and betrayed the secret.

It is a kind of article for which the demand does not increase with use.
If we should all wear spectacles like mine, we should never smile any more.
Oh I am not quite sure we should all be very happy."
"A very important difference," said Prue, counting her stitches.
"You know my grandfather Titbottom was a West Indian.
A large proprietor, and an easy man, he basked in the tropical sun, leading his quiet, luxurious life.
He lived much alone, and was what people call eccentric, by which I understand that he was very much himself, and, refusing the influence of other people, they had their little revenges, and called him names.
It is a habit not exclusively tropical.
I think I have seen the same thing even in this city.
But he was greatly beloved my bland and bountiful grandfather.
He was so large-hearted and open-handed.
He was so friendly, and thoughtful, and genial, that even his jokes had the air of graceful benedictions.

It is better that I also should die."
Thereupon she in her turn seized the knife and stabbed herself to death.
It happened that a notorious robber called U Nongtuh was wandering through the village that night, and, as it was cold, he bethought himself of sneaking into one of the houses where the family had gone to sleep, to warm himself.
He saw that a fire was burning in U Baduk's house, and that it was very silent within.
He determined to enter.
"They are hard-working people," said he to himself, "and will sleep soundly; I can safely sit and warm myself without their knowing anything about me."
So he squatted down comfortably on the hearth, not knowing that the two dead bodies lay on the floor close to him.
Before long the warmth made him drowsy, and without thinking U Nongtuh fell asleep, and did not awake until the day was dawning; he jumped up hastily, hoping to escape before the village was astir, but he saw the two dead bodies and was greatly terrified.
A great trembling took him, and he began to mutter wildly, "What an unfortunate man I am to have entered this house!
The neighbours will say that I killed these people; it will be useless for me to deny it, for I have such an evil reputation nobody will believe me.
It is better for me to die by my own hand here than to be caught by the villagers, and be put to death like a murderer."
Whereupon he seized the knife and stabbed himself to death; so there were three victims on the floor, lying dead side by side, all because there was no food in the house to offer hospitality to a friend.

There’s been things goin’ on outside as you house people knows nowt about.
An’ what tha’ll find out tha’ll find out soon.”
And it was not two minutes before he swallowed the last of his beer and waved his mug solemnly toward the window which took in through the shrubbery a piece of the lawn.
“Look there,” he said, “if tha’s curious.
Look what’s comin’ across th’
grass.”
When Mrs. Medlock looked she threw up her hands and gave a little shriek and every man and woman servant within hearing bolted across the servants’ hall and stood looking through the window with their eyes almost starting out of their heads.
Across the lawn came the Master of Misselthwaite and he looked as many of them had never seen him.
And by his side with his head up in the air and his eyes full of laughter walked as strongly and steadily as any boy in Yorkshire—Master Colin!
THE JUNGLE BOOK 

It was seven o’clock of a very warm evening in the Seeonee hills when Father Wolf woke up from his day’s rest, scratched himself, yawned, and spread out his paws one after the other to get rid of the sleepy feeling in their tips.
Mother Wolf lay with her big gray nose dropped across her four tumbling, squealing cubs, and the moon shone into the mouth of the cave where they all lived.
“Augrh!” said Father Wolf.
“It is time to hunt again.” He was going to spring down hill when a little shadow with a bushy tail crossed the threshold and whined: “Good luck go with you, O Chief of the Wolves.
And good luck and strong white teeth go with noble children that they may never forget the hungry in this world.”
It was the jackal Tabaqui, the Dish-licker and the wolves of India despise Tabaqui because he runs about making mischief, and telling tales, and eating rags and pieces of leather from the village rubbish-heaps.
But they are afraid of him too, because Tabaqui, more than anyone else in the jungle, is apt to go mad, and then he forgets that he was ever afraid of anyone, and runs through the forest biting everything in his way.

If we could only notice her in time, I've no doubt we're nimble enough to jump into our holes before she could do us any harm.
It's in her velvet paws, there's where she hides her cruel claws till she gets us in her clutches that's where her power lies.
With those paws she can tread so lightly that we can't hear her coming.
And so, while we are still dancing heedlessly about the place, she creeps close up, and before we know where we are she pounces down on us and has us in her clutches.
Well, then, it's my opinion we ought to hang a bell round her neck to warn us of her coming while there's yet time."
Every one applauded this proposal, and the council decided that it should be carried out.
Now the question to be settled was, who should undertake to fasten the bell round the Cat's neck?
The president declared that no one could be better fitted for the task than he who had given such excellent advice.
But at that the young mouse became quite confused and stammered an excuse.
He was too young for the deed, he said.
He didn't know the Cat well enough.
His grandfather, who knew her better, would be more suited to the job.

Or if you can’t wait till then, ask them to let you have the outside page of the Times; turn over to page 2 where it is marked ‘Shipping’
on the top left hand; then take the Atlas (and that is the finest picture-book in the world) and see how the names of the places that the steamers go to fit into the names of the places on the map.
Any steamer-kiddy ought to be able to do that; but if you can’t read, ask some one to show it you.
THE CAT THAT WALKED BY HIMSELF 
HEAR and attend and listen; for this befell and behappened and became and was, O my Best Beloved, when the Tame animals were wild.
The Dog was wild, and the Horse was wild, and the Cow was wild, and the Sheep was wild, and the Pig was wild as wild as wild could be and they walked in the Wet Wild Woods by their wild lones.
But the wildest of all the wild animals was the Cat.
He walked by himself, and all places were alike to him.
Of course the Man was wild too.
He was dreadfully wild.
He didn’t even begin to be tame till he met the Woman, and she told him that she did not like living in his wild ways.
She picked out a nice dry Cave, instead of a heap of wet leaves, to lie down in; and she strewed clean sand on the floor; and she lit a nice fire of wood at the back of the Cave; and she hung a dried wild-horse skin, tail-down, across the opening of the Cave; and she said, ‘Wipe you feet, dear, when you come in, and now we’ll keep house.’
That night, Best Beloved, they ate wild sheep roasted on the hot stones, and flavoured with wild garlic and wild pepper; and wild duck stuffed with wild rice and wild fenugreek and wild coriander; and marrow-bones of wild oxen; and wild cherries, and wild grenadillas.
Then the Man went to sleep in front of the fire ever so happy; but the Woman sat up, combing her hair.
She took the bone of the shoulder of mutton the big fat blade-bone and she looked at the wonderful marks on it, and she threw more wood on the fire, and she made a Magic.

And she had deliberately played on her knowledge.
What was the game?
That was what I wanted to know.
And then a sudden thought struck me which brought me out in a cold perspiration.
She had some girl down here and was going to have a stab at marrying me off.
I've often heard that young married women are all over that sort of thing.
Certainly she had said there was nobody at the house but Clarence and herself and Bill and Clarence's father, but a woman who could take the name of St. Andrews in vain as she had done wouldn't be likely to stick at a trifle.
"Bill, old scout," I said, "there aren't any frightful girls or any rot of that sort stopping here, are there?"
"Wish there were," he said.
"No such luck."
As we pulled up at the front door, it opened, and a woman's figure appeared.
"Have you got him, Bill?"

We have seen all these pictures of George, till we are led to believe that he did not breathe our air or eat American groceries.
But George Washington was not perfect.
I say this after a long and careful study of his life, and I do not say it to detract the very smallest iota from the proud history of the Father of his Country.
I say it simply that the boys of America who want to become George Washingtons will not feel so timid about trying it.
When I say that George Washington, who now lies so calmly in the lime-kiln at Mount Vernon, could reprimand and reproach his subordinates, at times, in a way to make the ground crack open and break up the ice in the Delaware a week earlier than usual, I do not mention it in order to show the boys of our day that profanity will make them resemble George Washington.
That was one of his weak points, and no doubt he was ashamed of it, as he ought to have been.
Some poets think that if they get drunk and stay drunk they will resemble Edgar A. Poe and George D. Prentice.
There are lawyers who play poker year after year and get regularly skinned because they have heard that some of the able lawyers of the past century used to come home at night with poker-chips in their pockets.
Whiskey will not make a poet, nor poker a great pleader.
And yet I have seen poets who relied on the potency of their breath, and lawyers who knew more of the habits of a bobtail flush than they ever did of the statutes in such case made and provided.
George Washington was always ready.
If you wanted a man to be first in war, you could call on George.

Still, when he came down, the king would not give him his daughter.
"You have," he said to the prince, "done the three things I told you to do; but you must do one thing more."
"If I can, I will," said the Raja's son.
Then the king showed him the trunk of a tree that was lying near his court-house.
It was a very, very thick trunk.
He gave the prince a wax hatchet, and said, "To-morrow morning you must cut this trunk in two with this wax hatchet."
The Raja's son went back to the old woman's house.
He was very sad, and thought that now the Raja would certainly kill him.
"I had his oil crushed out by the ants," he said to himself.
"I had his demons killed by the tigers.
My bed helped me to beat his kettle-drum.
But now what can I do?

I ought to have introduced you.
This is Mr. Renshaw, our editor.
These, Mr. Renshaw, are Bat Jarvis and Long Otto, our acting fighting editors, vice Kid Brady, absent on unavoidable business."
The name stung Mr. Renshaw to indignation, as Smith's had done.
"Brady!"
he shrilled.
"I insist that you give me a full explanation.
I go away by my doctor's orders for a vacation, leaving Mr. Smith to conduct the paper on certain clearly defined lines.
By mere chance, while on my vacation, I saw a copy of the paper.
It had been ruined."
"Ruined?"
said John.

And then I thought once more of the meat that I had seen.
I felt assured now of what it was, and from the bottom of my heart I pitied this last feeble rill from the great flood of humanity.
Clearly, at some time in the Long-Ago of human decay the Morlocks’ food had run short.
Possibly they had lived on rats and such-like vermin.
Even now man is far less discriminating and exclusive in his food than he was—far less than any monkey.
His prejudice against human flesh is no deep-seated instinct.
And so these inhuman sons of men——!
I tried to look at the thing in a scientific spirit.
After all, they were less human and more remote than our cannibal ancestors of three or four thousand years ago.
And the intelligence that would have made this state of things a torment had gone.
Why should I trouble myself?
These Eloi were mere fatted cattle, which the ant-like Morlocks preserved and preyed upon—probably saw to the breeding of.

The queen inquired still further regarding Columbus, and, taking the letter, asked Talavera to send him to the royal sitting-room at ten o'clock the following day.
When Columbus arose the next morning he found a note from the royal confessor, and, without waiting for breakfast, for he had almost overcome the habit of eating, he reversed his cuffs, and, taking a fresh handkerchief from his valise and putting it in his pocket so that the corners would coyly stick out a little, he was soon on his way to the palace.
He carried also a small globe wrapped up in a newspaper.
The interview was encouraging until the matter of money necessary for the trip was touched upon.
His Majesty was called in, and spoke sadly of the public surplus.
He said that there were one hundred dollars still due on his own salary, and the palace had not been painted for eight years.
He had taken orders on the store till he was tired of it.
"Our meat bill," said he, taking off his crown and mashing a hornet on the wall, "is sixty days overdue.
We owe the hired girl for three weeks; and how are we going to get funds enough to do any discovering, when you remember that we have got to pay for an extra session this fall for the purpose of making money plenty?"
But Isabella came and sat by him in her winning way, and with the moistened corner of her handkerchief removed a spot of maple syrup from the ermine trimming of his reigning gown.
She patted his hand, and, with her gentle voice, cheered him and told him that if he would economize and go without cigars or wine, in less than two hundred years he would have saved enough to fit Columbus out.
A few weeks later he had saved one hundred and fifty dollars in this way.

Be it said, that in this vocation of whaling, sinecures are unknown; dignity and danger go hand in hand; till you get to be Captain, the higher you rise the harder you toil.
So with poor Queequeg, who, as harpooneer, must not only face all the rage of the living whale, but—as we have elsewhere seen—mount his dead back in a rolling sea; and finally descend into the gloom of the hold, and bitterly sweating all day in that subterraneous confinement, resolutely manhandle the clumsiest casks and see to their stowage.
To be short, among whalemen, the harpooneers are the holders, so called.
Poor Queequeg!
when the ship was about half disembowelled, you should have stooped over the hatchway, and peered down upon him there; where, stripped to his woollen drawers, the tattooed savage was crawling about amid that dampness and slime, like a green spotted lizard at the bottom of a well.
And a well, or an ice-house, it somehow proved to him, poor pagan; where, strange to say, for all the heat of his sweatings, he caught a terrible chill which lapsed into a fever; and at last, after some days’ suffering, laid him in his hammock, close to the very sill of the door of death.
How he wasted and wasted away in those few long-lingering days, till there seemed but little left of him but his frame and tattooing.
But as all else in him thinned, and his cheek-bones grew sharper, his eyes, nevertheless, seemed growing fuller and fuller; they became of a strange softness of lustre; and mildly but deeply looked out at you there from his sickness, a wondrous testimony to that immortal health in him which could not die, or be weakened.
And like circles on the water, which, as they grow fainter, expand; so his eyes seemed rounding and rounding, like the rings of Eternity.
An awe that cannot be named would steal over you as you sat by the side of this waning savage, and saw as strange things in his face, as any beheld who were bystanders when Zoroaster died.
For whatever is truly wondrous and fearful in man, never yet was put into words or books.
And the drawing near of Death, which alike levels all, alike impresses all with a last revelation, which only an author from the dead could adequately tell.

hush thee, my baby, the night is behind us,         And black are the waters that sparkled so green.
The moon, o’er the combers, looks downward to find us         At rest in the hollows that rustle between.
Where billow meets billow, then soft be thy pillow,         Ah, weary wee flipperling, curl at thy ease!
The storm shall not wake thee, nor shark overtake thee,         Asleep in the arms of the slow-swinging seas!
Seal Lullaby 
All these things happened several years ago at a place called Novastoshnah, or North East Point, on the Island of St. Paul, away and away in the Bering Sea.
Limmershin, the Winter Wren, told me the tale when he was blown on to the rigging of a steamer going to Japan, and I took him down into my cabin and warmed and fed him for a couple of days till he was fit to fly back to St. Paul’s again.
Limmershin is a very quaint little bird, but he knows how to tell the truth.
Nobody comes to Novastoshnah except on business, and the only people who have regular business there are the seals.
They come in the summer months by hundreds and hundreds of thousands out of the cold gray sea.
For Novastoshnah Beach has the finest accommodation for seals of any place in all the world.
Sea Catch knew that, and every spring would swim from whatever place he happened to be in would swim like a torpedo-boat straight for Novastoshnah and spend a month fighting with his companions for a good place on the rocks, as close to the sea as possible.
Sea Catch was fifteen years old, a huge gray fur seal with almost a mane on his shoulders, and long, wicked dog teeth.

Sure thing.
The old lady won't stand for it.
I had a letter from her."
He turned to Betty.
"You got her all worked up, Betty.
I'm not blaming you.
It's just my jinx.
She took it into her head I'd been treating you mean, and she kicked at the Casino.
I gotta close it down or nix on the heir thing.
That was enough for me.
I'm going to turn it into a hotel."
He relighted his cigar.

Who said: They had seen nobody go out but a young girl, very meanly dressed, and who had more the air of a poor country wench than a gentlewoman.
When the two sisters returned from the ball Cinderella asked them: If they had been well diverted, and if the fine lady had been there.
They told her: Yes, but that she hurried away immediately when it struck twelve, and with so much haste that she dropped one of her little glass slippers, the prettiest in the world, which the King’s son had taken up; that he had done nothing but look at her all the time at the ball, and that most certainly he was very much in love with the beautiful person who owned the glass slipper.
What they said was very true; for a few days after the King’s son caused it to be proclaimed, by sound of trumpet, that he would marry her whose foot the slipper would just fit.
They whom he employed began to try it upon the princesses, then the duchesses and all the Court, but in vain; it was brought to the two sisters, who did all they possibly could to thrust their foot into the slipper, but they could not effect it.
Cinderella, who saw all this, and knew her slipper, said to them, laughing:
“Let me see if it will not fit me.”
Her sisters burst out a-laughing, and began to banter her.
The gentleman who was sent to try the slipper looked earnestly at Cinderella, and, finding her very handsome, said:
It was but just that she should try, and that he had orders to let everyone make trial.
He obliged Cinderella to sit down, and, putting the slipper to her foot, he found it went on very easily, and fitted her as if it had been made of wax.
The astonishment her two sisters were in was excessively great, but still abundantly greater when Cinderella pulled out of her pocket the other slipper, and put it on her foot.
Thereupon, in came her godmother, who, having touched with her wand Cinderella’s clothes, made them richer and more magnificent than any of those she had before.
And now her two sisters found her to be that fine, beautiful lady whom they had seen at the ball.
They threw themselves at her feet to beg pardon for all the ill-treatment they had made her undergo.

“I have seen a wonderfuller thing,” he cried, as they gathered round him eagerly.
“A great white bird.
It is flying this way.”
“What kind of a bird, do you think?”
“I don't know,” Nibs said, awestruck, “but it looks so weary, and as it flies it moans, 'Poor Wendy.
'”
“Poor Wendy?”
“I remember,” said Slightly instantly, “there are birds called Wendies.”
“See, it comes!” cried Curly, pointing to Wendy in the heavens.
Wendy was now almost overhead, and they could hear her plaintive cry.
But more distinct came the shrill voice of Tinker Bell.
The jealous fairy had now cast off all disguise of friendship, and was darting at her victim from every direction, pinching savagely each time she touched.
“Hullo, Tink,” cried the wondering boys.
Tink's reply rang out: “Peter wants you to shoot the Wendy.”
It was not in their nature to question when Peter ordered.
“Let us do what Peter wishes!” cried the simple boys.
“Quick, bows and arrows!”
All but Tootles popped down their trees.
He had a bow and arrow with him, and Tink noted it, and rubbed her little hands.

He sat longer and longer over his wine, and it was at such times, when his hands trembled, and his speech was not plain, that Uriah was most certain to want him on some business.
So it came about that Agnes had to tell me that Uriah had made himself indispensable to her father.
"He is subtle and watchful," she said.
"He has mastered papa's weaknesses, fostered them, and taken advantage of them, until papa is afraid of him."
If I was indignant to hear that Uriah had wormed himself into such promotion, I restrained my feelings when we met, for Agnes had bidden me not to repel him, for her father's sake, and for her own.
"What a prophet you have shown yourself, Master Copperfield!"
said Uriah, reminding me of my early words.
"You may not recollect it; but when a person is 'umble, a person treasures such things up.
But the 'umblest persons, Master Copperfield, may be instruments of good.
I am glad to think I have been the instrument of good to Mr. Wickfield, and that I may be more so.
Oh, what a worthy man he is; but how imprudent he has been!"
When the rascal went on to tell me confidentially that he "loved the ground his Agnes walked on," and that he thought she might come to be kind to him, knowing his usefulness to her father, I had a delirious idea of seizing the red-hot poker out of the fire and running him through with it.

The king gave him elephants, horses, jewels, and abundance of money for the expenses of the way and as presents for his father, and the prince started.
On the way he had to pass through the country belonging to his brother-in-law, whom we have already mentioned.
Report of his arrival reached the ears of the king, who came with rope-tied hands and haltered neck to do him homage.
He most humbly begged him to stay at his palace, and to accept what little hospitality could be provided.
While the prince was staying at the palace he saw his sister, who greeted him with smiles and kisses.
On leaving he told her how she and her husband had treated him at his first visit, and how he had escaped; and then gave them two elephants, two beautiful horses, fifteen soldiers, and ten lacs rupees' worth of jewels.
Afterwards he went to his own home, and informed his mother and father of his arrival.
Alas!
his parents had both become blind from weeping about the loss of their son.
"Let him come in," said the king, "and put his hands upon our eyes, and we shall see again."
So the prince entered, and was most affectionately greeted by his old parents; and he laid his hands on their eyes, and they saw again.
Then the prince told his father all that had happened to him, and how he had been saved several times by attending to the advice that he had purchased from the Brahmani.

"He has come to guide the discus that his friend Hyacinthus carries straight to the mark."
That was the wonder that had happened.
Those who had far-seeing eyes could discern in the strange youth on the game field the god Apollo, his crown of light showing in bright rays about his head.
No one spoke.
All faces were turned toward the two as Apollo grasped the discus, raised it far above his head, and with a strange power mingled with skill sent it high and far.
Hyacinthus watched the discus cut through the air as straight as an arrow shot from a bow.
He was perfectly sure that it would skim, without turning, as far as the goal at the opposite end of the field and perhaps farther, for he had great faith in this heavenly youth who had been his companion in so many good times.
As swiftly as the discus traveled, did Hyacinthus' thoughts wing their memories of Apollo's friendship.
He had accompanied Hyacinthus in his tramps through the forest, carried the nets when he went fishing, led his dogs to the chase and even neglected his lyre for their excursions up to the top of Parnassus.
"I will run ahead and bring back the discus," Hyacinthus thought, and excited by the sport and the crowds, he leaped forward to follow the flight of the swift stone.
At that instant the discus, turned from its course by Zephyrous, the wind-god, who also loved Hyacinthus and was jealous of Apollo's affection for him, struck the earth and bounded back, hitting Hyacinthus' forehead.
Apollo, as pale as the fallen Hyacinthus, ran to his side, raised him, and tried with all his art to stop the bleeding of his wound and save his life.

The landlady informed me that he had left the house shortly after eight o’clock in the morning.
I sat down beside the fire, however, with the intention of awaiting him, however long he might be.
I was already deeply interested in his inquiry, for, though it was surrounded by none of the grim and strange features which were associated with the two crimes which I have already recorded, still, the nature of the case and the exalted station of his client gave it a character of its own.
Indeed, apart from the nature of the investigation which my friend had on hand, there was something in his masterly grasp of a situation, and his keen, incisive reasoning, which made it a pleasure to me to study his system of work, and to follow the quick, subtle methods by which he disentangled the most inextricable mysteries.
So accustomed was I to his invariable success that the very possibility of his failing had ceased to enter into my head.
It was close upon four before the door opened, and a drunken-looking groom, ill-kempt and side-whiskered, with an inflamed face and disreputable clothes, walked into the room.
Accustomed as I was to my friend’s amazing powers in the use of disguises, I had to look three times before I was certain that it was indeed he.
With a nod he vanished into the bedroom, whence he emerged in five minutes tweed-suited and respectable, as of old.
Putting his hands into his pockets, he stretched out his legs in front of the fire and laughed heartily for some minutes.
“Well, really!” he cried, and then he choked and laughed again until he was obliged to lie back, limp and helpless, in the chair.
“What is it?”
“It’s quite too funny.
I am sure you could never guess how I employed my morning, or what I ended by doing.”
“I can’t imagine.

“You are a philosopher, prince, and have come here to instruct us in your views.”
“Perhaps you are right,” said the prince, smiling.
“I think I am a philosopher, perhaps, and who knows, perhaps I do wish to teach my views of things to those I meet with?”
“Your philosophy is rather like that of an old woman we know, who is rich and yet does nothing but try how little she can spend.
She talks of nothing but money all day.
Your great philosophical idea of a grand life in a prison and your four happy years in that Swiss village are like this, rather,” said Aglaya.
“As to life in a prison, of course there may be two opinions,” said the prince.
“I once heard the story of a man who lived twelve years in a prison I heard it from the man himself.
He was one of the persons under treatment with my professor; he had fits, and attacks of melancholy, then he would weep, and once he tried to commit suicide.
His life in prison was sad enough; his only acquaintances were spiders and a tree that grew outside his grating but I think I had better tell you of another man I met last year.
There was a very strange feature in this case, strange because of its extremely rare occurrence.
This man had once been brought to the scaffold in company with several others, and had had the sentence of death by shooting passed upon him for some political crime.
Twenty minutes later he had been reprieved and some other punishment substituted; but the interval between the two sentences, twenty minutes, or at least a quarter of an hour, had been passed in the certainty that within a few minutes he must die.
I was very anxious to hear him speak of his impressions during that dreadful time, and I several times inquired of him as to what he thought and felt.

Didn't you hear it?”
“I ”
“There!
Now you hear it.”
“Lord, Tom, they're coming!
They're coming, sure.
What'll we do?”
“I dono.
Think they'll see us?”
“Oh, Tom, they can see in the dark, same as cats.
I wisht I hadn't come.”
“Oh, don't be afeard.
I don't believe they'll bother us.
We ain't doing any harm.
If we keep perfectly still, maybe they won't notice us at all.”
“I'll try to, Tom, but, Lord, I'm all of a shiver.”
“Listen!”
The boys bent their heads together and scarcely breathed.
A muffled sound of voices floated up from the far end of the graveyard.
“Look!
See there!” whispered Tom.

When the last echo of his sultan’s step has died away, and Starbuck, the first Emir, has every reason to suppose that he is seated, then Starbuck rouses from his quietude, takes a few turns along the planks, and, after a grave peep into the binnacle, says, with some touch of pleasantness, “Dinner, Mr. Stubb,” and descends the scuttle.
The second Emir lounges about the rigging awhile, and then slightly shaking the main brace, to see whether it will be all right with that important rope, he likewise takes up the old burden, and with a rapid “Dinner, Mr. Flask,” follows after his predecessors.
But the third Emir, now seeing himself all alone on the quarter-deck, seems to feel relieved from some curious restraint; for, tipping all sorts of knowing winks in all sorts of directions, and kicking off his shoes, he strikes into a sharp but noiseless squall of a hornpipe right over the Grand Turk’s head; and then, by a dexterous sleight, pitching his cap up into the mizentop for a shelf, he goes down rollicking so far at least as he remains visible from the deck, reversing all other processions, by bringing up the rear with music.
But ere stepping into the cabin doorway below, he pauses, ships a new face altogether, and, then, independent, hilarious little Flask enters King Ahab’s presence, in the character of Abjectus, or the Slave.
It is not the least among the strange things bred by the intense artificialness of sea-usages, that while in the open air of the deck some officers will, upon provocation, bear themselves boldly and defyingly enough towards their commander; yet, ten to one, let those very officers the next moment go down to their customary dinner in that same commander’s cabin, and straightway their inoffensive, not to say deprecatory and humble air towards him, as he sits at the head of the table; this is marvellous, sometimes most comical.
Wherefore this difference?
A problem?
Perhaps not.
To have been Belshazzar, King of Babylon; and to have been Belshazzar, not haughtily but courteously, therein certainly must have been some touch of mundane grandeur.
But he who in the rightly regal and intelligent spirit presides over his own private dinner-table of invited guests, that man’s unchallenged power and dominion of individual influence for the time; that man’s royalty of state transcends Belshazzar’s, for Belshazzar was not the greatest.
Who has but once dined his friends, has tasted what it is to be Cæsar.
It is a witchery of social czarship which there is no withstanding.

"To-morrow, Marianne!"
"Yes, why should I stay here?
I came only for Willoughby's sake and now who cares for me?
Who regards me?"
"It would be impossible to go to-morrow.
We owe Mrs. Jennings much more than civility; and civility of the commonest kind must prevent such a hasty removal as that."
"Well then, another day or two, perhaps; but I cannot stay here long, I cannot stay to endure the questions and remarks of all these people.
The Middletons and Palmers how am I to bear their pity?
The pity of such a woman as Lady Middleton!
Oh, what would HE say to that!"
Elinor advised her to lie down again, and for a moment she did so; but no attitude could give her ease; and in restless pain of mind and body she moved from one posture to another, till growing more and more hysterical, her sister could with difficulty keep her on the bed at all, and for some time was fearful of being constrained to call for assistance.
Some lavender drops, however, which she was at length persuaded to take, were of use; and from that time till Mrs. Jennings returned, she continued on the bed quiet and motionless.

It is a very pleasant picture to imagine Antaeus standing among the Pygmies, like the spire of the tallest cathedral that ever was built, while they ran about like pismires at his feet; and to think that, in spite of their difference in size, there were affection and sympathy between them and him!
Indeed, it has always seemed to me that the Giant needed the little people more than the Pygmies needed the Giant.
For, unless they had been his neighbors and well wishers, and, as we may say, his playfellows, Antaeus would not have had a single friend in the world.
No other being like himself had ever been created.
No creature of his own size had ever talked with him, in thunder-like accents, face to face.
When he stood with his head among the clouds, he was quite alone, and had been so for hundreds of years, and would be so forever.
Even if he had met another Giant, Antaeus would have fancied the world not big enough for two such vast personages, and, instead of being friends with him, would have fought him till one of the two was killed.
But with the Pygmies he was the most sportive and humorous, and merry-hearted, and sweet-tempered old Giant that ever washed his face in a wet cloud.
His little friends, like all other small people, had a great opinion of their own importance, and used to assume quite a patronizing air towards the Giant.
"Poor creature!"
they said one to another.
"He has a very dull time of it, all by himself; and we ought not to grudge wasting a little of our precious time to amuse him.

Breakfast.
I quickly followed suit, and descending into the bar-room accosted the grinning landlord very pleasantly.
I cherished no malice towards him, though he had been skylarking with me not a little in the matter of my bedfellow.
However, a good laugh is a mighty good thing, and rather too scarce a good thing; the more’s the pity.
So, if any one man, in his own proper person, afford stuff for a good joke to anybody, let him not be backward, but let him cheerfully allow himself to spend and be spent in that way.
And the man that has anything bountifully laughable about him, be sure there is more in that man than you perhaps think for.
The bar-room was now full of the boarders who had been dropping in the night previous, and whom I had not as yet had a good look at.
They were nearly all whalemen; chief mates, and second mates, and third mates, and sea carpenters, and sea coopers, and sea blacksmiths, and harpooneers, and ship keepers; a brown and brawny company, with bosky beards; an unshorn, shaggy set, all wearing monkey jackets for morning gowns.
You could pretty plainly tell how long each one had been ashore.
This young fellow’s healthy cheek is like a sun-toasted pear in hue, and would seem to smell almost as musky; he cannot have been three days landed from his Indian voyage.
That man next him looks a few shades lighter; you might say a touch of satin wood is in him.
In the complexion of a third still lingers a tropic tawn, but slightly bleached withal; he doubtless has tarried whole weeks ashore.

Aglaya did not so much as glance at the new arrivals, but went on with her recitation, gazing at the prince the while in an affected manner, and at him alone.
It was clear to him that she was doing all this with some special object.
But the new guests at least somewhat eased his strained and uncomfortable position.
Seeing them approaching, he rose from his chair, and nodding amicably to the general, signed to him not to interrupt the recitation.
He then got behind his chair, and stood there with his left hand resting on the back of it.
Thanks to this change of position, he was able to listen to the ballad with far less embarrassment than before.
Mrs. Epanchin had also twice motioned to the new arrivals to be quiet, and stay where they were.
The prince was much interested in the young man who had just entered.
He easily concluded that this was Evgenie Pavlovitch Radomski, of whom he had already heard mention several times.
He was puzzled, however, by the young man’s plain clothes, for he had always heard of Evgenie Pavlovitch as a military man.
An ironical smile played on Evgenie’s lips all the while the recitation was proceeding, which showed that he, too, was probably in the secret of the ‘poor knight’ joke.
But it had become quite a different matter with Aglaya.

"Pete!"
commanded Mr. Jacobus, "put back them trunks.
These folks stays here's long's they wants ter.
Mr. Brede" he held out a large, hard hand "I'd orter've known better," he said.
And my last doubt of Mr. Brede vanished as he shook that grimy hand in manly fashion.
The two women were walking off toward "our view," each with an arm about the other's waist touched by a sudden sisterhood of sympathy.
"Gentlemen," said Mr. Brede, addressing Jacobus, Biggle, the Major and me, "there is a hostelry down the street where they sell honest New Jersey beer.
I recognize the obligations of the situation."
We five men filed down the street.
The two women went toward the pleasant slope where the sunlight gilded the forehead of the great hill.
On Mr. Jacobus's veranda lay a spattered circle of shining grains of rice.
Two of Mr. Jacobus's pigeons flew down and picked up the shining grains, making grateful noises far down in their throats.

However, he was not to be discouraged.
He stained his face brown and black, pulled his cap over his ears, and knocked at the door of the castle.
"Good day to my lord the emperor," said he.
"Can I have employment here at the palace?"
"Why, yes," said the emperor.
"It just occurs to me that I want some one to take care of the pigs, there are so many of them."
So the prince came to be the imperial swineherd.
He had a miserable little room, close by the pigsty, and here he was obliged to stay; and he sat the whole day long and worked.
By evening he had made a pretty little saucepan.
Little bells were hung all around it; and when the pot was boiling, the bells tinkled in the most charming manner, and played the old melody, 
          "Ach, du lieber Augustin,            Alles ist weg, weg, weg."
But what was still more curious, whoever held his finger in the smoke of this saucepan, at once smelled all the dishes that were cooking on every hearth of the city.
This, you see, was something quite different from the rose.

'Non, monsieur.
Je n'ai pas le canif de mon oncle.'"
That was the beginning of the story of the Indian gentleman.
11 
Ram Dass 
There were fine sunsets even in the square, sometimes.
One could only see parts of them, however, between the chimneys and over the roofs.
From the kitchen windows one could not see them at all, and could only guess that they were going on because the bricks looked warm and the air rosy or yellow for a while, or perhaps one saw a blazing glow strike a particular pane of glass somewhere.
There was, however, one place from which one could see all the splendor of them: the piles of red or gold clouds in the west; or the purple ones edged with dazzling brightness; or the little fleecy, floating ones, tinged with rose-color and looking like flights of pink doves scurrying across the blue in a great hurry if there was a wind.
The place where one could see all this, and seem at the same time to breathe a purer air, was, of course, the attic window.
When the square suddenly seemed to begin to glow in an enchanted way and look wonderful in spite of its sooty trees and railings, Sara knew something was going on in the sky; and when it was at all possible to leave the kitchen without being missed or called back, she invariably stole away and crept up the flights of stairs, and, climbing on the old table, got her head and body as far out of the window as possible.
When she had accomplished this, she always drew a long breath and looked all round her.
It used to seem as if she had all the sky and the world to herself.
No one else ever looked out of the other attics.

I left her this morning with her lawyer, talking over the business."
"Well!"
said Mrs. Jennings, "that is HER revenge.
Everybody has a way of their own.
But I don't think mine would be, to make one son independent, because another had plagued me."
Marianne got up and walked about the room.
"Can anything be more galling to the spirit of a man," continued John, "than to see his younger brother in possession of an estate which might have been his own?
Poor Edward!
I feel for him sincerely."
A few minutes more spent in the same kind of effusion, concluded his visit; and with repeated assurances to his sisters that he really believed there was no material danger in Fanny's indisposition, and that they need not therefore be very uneasy about it, he went away; leaving the three ladies unanimous in their sentiments on the present occasion, as far at least as it regarded Mrs. Ferrars's conduct, the Dashwoods', and Edward's.
Marianne's indignation burst forth as soon as he quitted the room; and as her vehemence made reserve impossible in Elinor, and unnecessary in Mrs. Jennings, they all joined in a very spirited critique upon the party.
CHAPTER 38 
Mrs. Jennings was very warm in her praise of Edward's conduct, but only Elinor and Marianne understood its true merit.

He spake to the King: “Your loyalty shall be rewarded,” and taking up the heads of the children, he placed them on their bodies, smeared the wounds with their blood, and in a minute they were all right again and jumping about as if nothing had happened.
Then the King was full of joy, and when he saw the Queen coming, he hid Trusty John and the two children in a big cupboard.
As she entered he said to her: “Did you pray in church?” “Yes,” she answered, “but my thoughts dwelt constantly on Trusty John, and of what he has suffered for us.” Then he spake: “Dear wife, we can restore him to life, but the price asked is our two little sons; we must sacrifice them.” The Queen grew white and her heart sank, but she replied: “We owe it to him on account of his great fidelity.” Then he rejoiced that she was of the same mind as he had been, and going forward he opened the cupboard, and fetched the two children and Trusty John out, saying: “God be praised!
Trusty John is free once more, and we have our two small sons again.”
 Then he related to her all that had passed, and they lived together happily ever afterward.
(1)
(1) Grimm.
THE BRAVE LITTLE TAILOR 
One summer’s day a little tailor sat on his table by the window in the best of spirits, and sewed for dear life.
As he was sitting thus a peasant woman came down the street, calling out: “Good jam to sell, good jam to sell.” This sounded sweetly in the tailor’s ears; he put his frail little head out of the window, and shouted: “up here, my good woman, and you’ll find a willing customer.” The woman climbed up the three flights of stairs with her heavy basket to the tailor’s room, and he made her spread out all the pots in a row before him.
He examined them all, lifted them up and smelled them, and said at last: “This jam seems good, weigh me four ounces of it, my good woman; and even if it’s a quarter of a pound I won’t stick at it.” The woman, who had hoped to find a good market, gave him what he wanted, but went away grumbling wrathfully.
“Now heaven shall bless this jam for my use,” cried the little tailor, “and it shall sustain and strengthen me.” He fetched some bread out of a cupboard, cut a round off the loaf, and spread the jam on it.
“That won’t taste amiss,” he said; “but I’ll finish that waistcoat first before I take a bite.” He placed the bread beside him, went on sewing, and out of the lightness of his heart kept on making his stitches bigger and bigger.
In the meantime the smell of the sweet jam rose to the ceiling, where heaps of flies were sitting, and attracted them to such an extent that they swarmed on to it in masses.
“Ha!

I took my young sister (for I have another) to a place beyond the reach of this man, and where, at least, she will never be his vassal.
Then, I tracked the brother here, and last night climbed in a common dog, but sword in hand.
Where is the loft window?
It was somewhere here?'
“The room was darkening to his sight; the world was narrowing around him.
I glanced about me, and saw that the hay and straw were trampled over the floor, as if there had been a struggle.
“'She heard me, and ran in.
I told her not to come near us till he was dead.
He came in and first tossed me some pieces of money; then struck at me with a whip.
But I, though a common dog, so struck at him as to make him draw.
Let him break into as many pieces as he will, the sword that he stained with my common blood; he drew to defend himself thrust at me with all his skill for his life.'
“My glance had fallen, but a few moments before, on the fragments of a broken sword, lying among the hay.

"Very well, then, come on.
It's a secret, and if I tell you, you must tell me yours."
"I haven't got any," began Jo, but stopped suddenly, remembering that she had.
"You know you have you can't hide anything, so up and 'fess, or I won't tell," cried Laurie.
"Is your secret a nice one?"
"Oh, isn't it!
All about people you know, and such fun!
You ought to hear it, and I've been aching to tell it this long time.
Come, you begin."
"You'll not say anything about it at home, will you?"
"Not a word."
"And you won't tease me in private?"

"While you have been away," he explained, "I have been desperate.
The days were so dark and long.
Ram Dass told me of this child's miseries, and together we invented a romantic plan to help her.
I suppose it was a childish thing to do; but it gave me something to plan and think of.
Without the help of an agile, soft-footed Oriental like Ram Dass, however, it could not have been done."
Then Sara came into the room.
She carried the monkey in her arms, and he evidently did not intend to part from her, if it could be helped.
He was clinging to her and chattering, and the interesting excitement of finding herself in the Indian gentleman's room had brought a flush to Sara's cheeks.
"Your monkey ran away again," she said, in her pretty voice.
"He came to my garret window last night, and I took him in because it was so cold.
I would have brought him back if it had not been so late.
I knew you were ill and might not like to be disturbed."

Here I go over to Sereny Harper, like an old softy, expecting I'm going to make her believe all that rubbage about that dream, when lo and behold you she'd found out from Joe that you was over here and heard all the talk we had that night.
Tom, I don't know what is to become of a boy that will act like that.
It makes me feel so bad to think you could let me go to Sereny Harper and make such a fool of myself and never say a word.”
This was a new aspect of the thing.
His smartness of the morning had seemed to Tom a good joke before, and very ingenious.
It merely looked mean and shabby now.
He hung his head and could not think of anything to say for a moment.
Then he said:
“Auntie, I wish I hadn't done it but I didn't think.”
“Oh, child, you never think.
You never think of anything but your own selfishness.
You could think to come all the way over here from Jackson's Island in the night to laugh at our troubles, and you could think to fool me with a lie about a dream; but you couldn't ever think to pity us and save us from sorrow.”
“Auntie, I know now it was mean, but I didn't mean to be mean.
I didn't, honest.
And besides, I didn't come over here to laugh at you that night.”
“What did you come for, then?”
“It was to tell you not to be uneasy about us, because we hadn't got drownded.”
“Tom, Tom, I would be the thankfullest soul in this world if I could believe you ever had as good a thought as that, but you know you never did and I know it, Tom.”
“Indeed and 'deed I did, auntie I wish I may never stir if I didn't.”
“Oh, Tom, don't lie don't do it.
It only makes things a hundred times worse.”
“It ain't a lie, auntie; it's the truth.

And preaching!
what a luxury preaching was when I had on Sunday the whole result of an individual, personal week, from which to speak to a people whom all that week I had been meeting as hand-to-hand friend!
I never tired on Sunday, and was in condition to leave the sermon at home, if I chose, and preach it extempore, as all men should do always.
Indeed, I wonder, when I think that a sensible people like ours really more attached to their clergy than they were in the lost days, when the Mathers and Nortons were noblemen should choose to neutralize so much of their ministers' lives, and destroy so much of their early training, by this undefined passion for seeing them in public.
It springs from our balancing of sects.
If a spirited Episcopalian takes an interest in the almshouse, and is put on the Poor Board, every other denomination must have a minister there, lest the poorhouse be changed into St. Paul's Cathedral.
If a Sandemanian is chosen president of the Young Men's Library, there must be a Methodist vice-president and a Baptist secretary.
And if a Universalist Sunday-School Convention collects five hundred delegates, the next Congregationalist Sabbath-School Conference must be as large, "lest 'they' whoever they may be should think 'we' whoever we may be are going down."
Freed from these necessities, that happy year, I began to know my wife by sight.
We saw each other sometimes.
In those long mornings, when Dennis was in the study explaining to map-peddlers that I had eleven maps of Jerusalem already, and to school-book agents that I would see them hanged before I would be bribed to introduce their textbooks into the schools she and I were at work together, as in those old dreamy days and in these of our log-cabin again.
But all this could not last and at length poor Dennis, my double, overtasked in turn, undid me.

One night the Rajah came out and, seeing him pacing up and down, asked him who he was.
"Why, I am he whom you engaged as a servant."
Hardly had he spoken when a loud cry echoed through the grounds, and a voice said: "I am going on, I am going on!"
"What is that?"
asked the Rajah.
"I do not know," said the man, "but I hear it every night."
"Go and find out," returned the Rajah.
So the man turned to do his bidding.
Now the Rajah was very curious, and, quickly wrapping himself in his coat, quietly followed his servant.
Outside the garden gate sat a figure covered and clothed in loose white garments.
On approaching it the servant said: "Who are you?"
"I am Time," replied the figure, "and hold the Rajah's life, which is now nearly over."

Even a few white women, to his horror and embarrassment, had written him of love, letters which he straightway destroyed.
His sense of his position was strong in him; he was proud of it.
There might be "folks outer their haids," but he had the sense to remember.
For months he had lived in a heaven of gratified vanity, but at last his appetite had begun to falter.
He was sated; his soul longed to wipe a spiritual mouth on the back of a spiritual hand, and have done.
His face, now that the curtain was down and he was leaving the stage, was doleful, almost sullen.
Stuhk met him anxiously in the wings, and walked with him to his dressing-room.
He felt suddenly very weary of Stuhk.
"Nothing the matter, Gideon, is there?
Not feeling sick or anything?"
"No, Misteh Stuhk; no, seh.
Jes don' feel extry pert, that's all."

I thought I saw a bear.
Dollie.
Well, I hope not.
I don't like bears.
Goldilocks.
But there is a little house.
Isn't it a funny little house?
I wonder who lives there!
Dollie.
Dear Goldilocks, please, don't you think we'd better go home?
I don't like strange little houses in the wood.
Goldilocks.

Struck with astonishment and sorrow, she uttered a terrible cry, and threw herself down beside the pretended King, weeping, and howling, and calling upon her eleven sisters, who were also fairies, and who came to her assistance.
But they were all taken in by the image of the King, for, clever as they were, the Mermaid was still cleverer, and all they could do was to help the Fairy of the Desert to make a wonderful monument over what they thought was the grave of the King of the Gold Mines.
But while they were collecting jasper and porphyry, agate and marble, gold and bronze, statues and devices, to immortalize the King’s memory, he was thanking the good Mermaid and begging her still to help him, which she graciously promised to do as she disappeared; and then he set out for the Castle of Steel.
He walked fast, looking anxiously round him, and longing once more to see his darling Bellissima, but he had not gone far before he was surrounded by four terrible sphinxes who would very soon have torn him to pieces with their sharp talons if it had not been for the Mermaid’s diamond sword.
For, no sooner had he flashed it before their eyes than down they fell at his feet quite helpless, and he killed them with one blow.
But he had hardly turned to continue his search when he met six dragons covered with scales that were harder than iron.
Frightful as this encounter was the King’s courage was unshaken, and by the aid of his wonderful sword he cut them in pieces one after the other.
Now he hoped his difficulties were over, but at the next turning he was met by one which he did not know how to overcome.
Four-and-twenty pretty and graceful nymphs advanced toward him, holding garlands of flowers, with which they barred the way.
“Where are you going, Prince?” they said; “it is our duty to guard this place, and if we let you pass great misfortunes will happen to you and to us.
We beg you not to insist upon going on.
Do you want to kill four-and-twenty girls who have never displeased you in any way?”
The King did not know what to do or to say.

It was a very black night and my father could hardly see the rocks ahead of him.
Sometimes they were quite high and sometimes the waves almost covered them, and they were slippery and hard to walk on.
Sometimes the rocks were far apart and my father had to get a running start and leap from one to the next.
After a while he began to hear a rumbling noise.
It grew louder and louder as he got nearer to the island.
At last it seemed as if he was right on top of the noise, and he was.
He had jumped from a rock onto the back of a small whale who was fast asleep and cuddled up between two rocks.
The whale was snoring and making more noise than a steam shovel, so it never heard my father say, "Oh, I didn't know that was you!"
And it never knew my father had jumped on its back by mistake.
For seven hours my father climbed and slipped and leapt from rock to rock, but while it was still dark he finally reached the very last rock and stepped off onto Wild Island.
MY FATHER FINDS THE RIVER 
The jungle began just beyond a narrow strip of beach; thick, dark, damp, scary jungle.
My father hardly knew where to go, so he crawled under a wahoo bush to think, and ate eight tangerines.

One Eye seated herself, and, not being accustomed to walk so far, or to be out in the heat of the sun, she began to feel tired, and as little Two Eyes kept on singing, she closed her one eye and fell fast asleep.
When Two Eyes saw this, she knew that One Eye could not betray her, so she said:
  "Little goat, if you are able,   Come and deck my pretty table."
She seated herself when it appeared, and ate and drank very quickly, and when she had finished she said:
  "Little goat, when you are able,   Come and clear away my table."
It vanished in the twinkling of an eye; and then Two Eyes woke up One Eye, and said: "Little One Eye, you are a clever one to watch goats; for, while you are asleep, they might be running all over the world.
Come, let us go home!"
So they went to the house, and little Two Eyes again left the scraps on the dish untouched, and One Eye could not tell her mother whether little Two Eyes had eaten anything in the field; for she said to excuse herself, "I was asleep."
The next day the mother said to Three Eyes, "You must go to the field this time, and find out whether there is anyone who brings food to little Two Eyes; for she must eat and drink secretly."
So when little Two Eyes started with her goat, Three Eyes followed and said, "I am going with you to-day, to see if the goats are properly fed and watched."
But Two Eyes knew her thoughts; so she led the goat through the long grass to tire Three Eyes, and at last she said, "Let us sit down here and rest, and I will sing to you, Three Eyes."
She was glad to sit down, for the walk and the heat of the sun had really tired her; and, as her sister continued her song, she was obliged to close two of her eyes, and they slept, but not the third.
In fact, Three Eyes was wide awake with one eye, and heard and saw all that Two Eyes did; for poor little Two Eyes, thinking she was asleep, said her speech to the goat, and the table came with all the good things on it, and was carried away when Two Eyes had eaten enough; and the cunning Three Eyes saw it all with her one eye.
But she pretended to be asleep when her sister came to wake her and told her she was going home.

said the bell-punch; and now there were ten round holes in the strip of pasteboard.
Chimborazo was now really frightened.
He was silent for some time; and when his mother called him to his lessons he tried very hard not to say the dangerous words.
But the habit was so strong that he said them unconsciously.
By dinnertime there were twenty-five holes in the cardboard strip; by tea-time there were forty!
Poor Chimborazo!
he was afraid to open his lips, for whenever he did the words would slip out in spite of him.
"Well, Chimbo," said his father after tea, "I hear you have had a visit from your fairy godmother.
What did she say to you, eh?"
"Oh, dear!"
said Chimborazo, "she said oh, dear!
I've said it again!"

After that, he threw them into a large, empty tub.
Many times he repeated this performance.
As he pulled each fish out of the net, his mouth watered with the thought of the good dinner coming, and he said:
“Fine fish, these bass!”
“Very tasty, these whitefish!”
“Delicious flounders, these!”
“What splendid crabs!”
“And these dear little anchovies, with their heads still on!”
As you can well imagine, the bass, the flounders, the whitefish, and even the little anchovies all went together into the tub to keep the mullets company.
The last to come out of the net was Pinocchio.
As soon as the Fisherman pulled him out, his green eyes opened wide with surprise, and he cried out in fear:
“What kind of fish is this?
I don’t remember ever eating anything like it.”
He looked at him closely and after turning him over and over, he said at last:
“I understand.
He must be a crab!”
Pinocchio, mortified at being taken for a crab, said resentfully:
“What nonsense!
A crab indeed!
I am no such thing.
Beware how you deal with me!
I am a Marionette, I want you to know.”
“A Marionette?” asked the Fisherman.
“I must admit that a Marionette fish is, for me, an entirely new kind of fish.

"We will.
Jo, go and get Dr. Bangs at once," commanded Meg.
"We can't decide anything till he has been."
"Stay where you are, Jo.
I'm errand boy to this establishment," said Laurie, taking up his cap.
"I'm afraid you are busy," began Meg.
"No, I've done my lessons for the day."
"Do you study in vacation time?"
asked Jo.
"I follow the good example my neighbors set me," was Laurie's answer, as he swung himself out of the room.
"I have great hopes for my boy," observed Jo, watching him fly over the fence with an approving smile.
"He does very well, for a boy," was Meg's somewhat ungracious answer, for the subject did not interest her.

The quantity of beer, too, is very large, 10,800 barrels.
Now, as those polar fisheries could only be prosecuted in the short summer of that climate, so that the whole cruise of one of these Dutch whalemen, including the short voyage to and from the Spitzbergen sea, did not much exceed three months, say, and reckoning 30 men to each of their fleet of 180 sail, we have 5,400 Low Dutch seamen in all; therefore, I say, we have precisely two barrels of beer per man, for a twelve weeks’
allowance, exclusive of his fair proportion of that 550 ankers of gin.
Now, whether these gin and beer harpooneers, so fuddled as one might fancy them to have been, were the right sort of men to stand up in a boat’s head, and take good aim at flying whales; this would seem somewhat improbable.
Yet they did aim at them, and hit them too.
But this was very far North, be it remembered, where beer agrees well with the constitution; upon the Equator, in our southern fishery, beer would be apt to make the harpooneer sleepy at the mast-head and boozy in his boat; and grievous loss might ensue to Nantucket and New Bedford.
But no more; enough has been said to show that the old Dutch whalers of two or three centuries ago were high livers; and that the English whalers have not neglected so excellent an example.
For, say they, when cruising in an empty ship, if you can get nothing better out of the world, get a good dinner out of it, at least.
And this empties the decanter.
CHAPTER 102.
A Bower in the Arsacides.
Hitherto, in descriptively treating of the Sperm Whale, I have chiefly dwelt upon the marvels of his outer aspect; or separately and in detail upon some few interior structural features.
But to a large and thorough sweeping comprehension of him, it behooves me now to unbutton him still further, and untagging the points of his hose, unbuckling his garters, and casting loose the hooks and the eyes of the joints of his innermost bones, set him before you in his ultimatum; that is to say, in his unconditional skeleton.

This favoured the desperate resolution Charles Darnay had begun to make, that he would go to Paris.
Yes.
Like the mariner in the old story, the winds and streams had driven him within the influence of the Loadstone Rock, and it was drawing him to itself, and he must go.
Everything that arose before his mind drifted him on, faster and faster, more and more steadily, to the terrible attraction.
His latent uneasiness had been, that bad aims were being worked out in his own unhappy land by bad instruments, and that he who could not fail to know that he was better than they, was not there, trying to do something to stay bloodshed, and assert the claims of mercy and humanity.
With this uneasiness half stifled, and half reproaching him, he had been brought to the pointed comparison of himself with the brave old gentleman in whom duty was so strong; upon that comparison (injurious to himself) had instantly followed the sneers of Monseigneur, which had stung him bitterly, and those of Stryver, which above all were coarse and galling, for old reasons.
Upon those, had followed Gabelle's letter: the appeal of an innocent prisoner, in danger of death, to his justice, honour, and good name.
His resolution was made.
He must go to Paris.
Yes.
The Loadstone Rock was drawing him, and he must sail on, until he struck.
He knew of no rock; he saw hardly any danger.

"Buy a paper, sir?
All about the fire in East Boston, and arrest of safe-burglars in Springfield.
Only two cents!"
The little old man looked at the boy with keen gray eyes, which seemed to light up the pinched and skinny face, and answered in a shrill voice that whistled through white front teeth:
"You ought to come down in your price this time of day.
You can't expect to sell a morning paper at twelve o'clock for full price."
"Well, give me a cent then," said Bert.
"That's less'n cost; but never mind; I'm bound to sell out anyhow."
"You look cold," said the old man.
"Cold?"
replied Bert; "I'm froze.
And I want my dinner.
And I'm going to have a big dinner, too, seeing it's Thanksgiving Day."

can you fight at all?"
The King's son replied, "When I was little I could fight a bit, and now, if any one wants to fight, I am not so unmanly as to turn my back.
Come, I will fight you."
The bald man said, "If I throw you, you shall be my slave; and if you throw me, I will be your slave."
So they got ready and began to fight, and the King's son threw him.
On this the King's son said, "I will leave my beasts here, my simurgs, tigers, and dogs, and horses; they will all stay here while I go to the city to see the sights.
I appoint the tiger as guard over my property.
And you are my slave, you, too, must stay here with my belongings."
So the King's son started off to the city to see the sights, and arrived at a pool.
He saw that it was a pleasant pool, and thought he would stop and bathe there, and therewith he began to strip off his clothes.
Now the King's daughter, who was sitting on the roof of the palace, saw his royal marks, and she said, "This man is a king; when I marry, I will marry him and no other."
So she said to her father, "My father; I wish to marry."

At the sight of that pale little corpse, the boys were so frightened that they turned tail and ran.
In a few moments, all had disappeared.
All except Pinocchio.
Although scared to death by the horror of what had been done, he ran to the sea and soaked his handkerchief in the cool water and with it bathed the head of his poor little schoolmate.
Sobbing bitterly, he called to him, saying:
“Eugene!
My poor Eugene!
Open your eyes and look at me!
Why don’t you answer?
I was not the one who hit you, you know.
Believe me, I didn’t do it.
Open your eyes, Eugene?
If you keep them shut, I’ll die, too.

But there was no time for shuddering, for now the savage went about something that completely fascinated my attention, and convinced me that he must indeed be a heathen.
Going to his heavy grego, or wrapall, or dreadnaught, which he had previously hung on a chair, he fumbled in the pockets, and produced at length a curious little deformed image with a hunch on its back, and exactly the colour of a three days’ old Congo baby.
Remembering the embalmed head, at first I almost thought that this black manikin was a real baby preserved in some similar manner.
But seeing that it was not at all limber, and that it glistened a good deal like polished ebony, I concluded that it must be nothing but a wooden idol, which indeed it proved to be.
For now the savage goes up to the empty fire-place, and removing the papered fire-board, sets up this little hunch-backed image, like a tenpin, between the andirons.
The chimney jambs and all the bricks inside were very sooty, so that I thought this fire-place made a very appropriate little shrine or chapel for his Congo idol.
I now screwed my eyes hard towards the half hidden image, feeling but ill at ease meantime—to see what was next to follow.
First he takes about a double handful of shavings out of his grego pocket, and places them carefully before the idol; then laying a bit of ship biscuit on top and applying the flame from the lamp, he kindled the shavings into a sacrificial blaze.
Presently, after many hasty snatches into the fire, and still hastier withdrawals of his fingers (whereby he seemed to be scorching them badly), he at last succeeded in drawing out the biscuit; then blowing off the heat and ashes a little, he made a polite offer of it to the little negro.
But the little devil did not seem to fancy such dry sort of fare at all; he never moved his lips.
All these strange antics were accompanied by still stranger guttural noises from the devotee, who seemed to be praying in a sing-song or else singing some pagan psalmody or other, during which his face twitched about in the most unnatural manner.
At last extinguishing the fire, he took the idol up very unceremoniously, and bagged it again in his grego pocket as carelessly as if he were a sportsman bagging a dead woodcock.

Wait a moment, let me arrange your hands for you.”
But the old lady, before Parfen had time to touch her, raised her right hand, and, with three fingers held up, devoutly made the sign of the cross three times over the prince.
She then nodded her head kindly at him once more.
“There, come along, Lef Nicolaievitch; that’s all I brought you here for,” said Rogojin.
When they reached the stairs again he added:
“She understood nothing of what I said to her, and did not know what I wanted her to do, and yet she blessed you; that shows she wished to do so herself.
Well, goodbye; it’s time you went, and I must go too.”
He opened his own door.
“Well, let me at least embrace you and say goodbye, you strange fellow!”
 cried the prince, looking with gentle reproach at Rogojin, and advancing towards him.
But the latter had hardly raised his arms when he dropped them again.
He could not make up his mind to it; he turned away from the prince in order to avoid looking at him.
He could not embrace him.
“Don’t be afraid,” he muttered, indistinctly, “though I have taken your cross, I shall not murder you for your watch.” So saying, he laughed suddenly, and strangely.
Then in a moment his face became transfigured; he grew deadly white, his lips trembled, his eyes burned like fire.
He stretched out his arms and held the prince tightly to him, and said in a strangled voice:
“Well, take her!

"What do you want there?"
asked the giant.
"I want three of the golden apples," shouted Hercules, "for my cousin, the king."
"There is nobody but myself," quoth the giant, "that can go to the garden of the Hesperides, and gather the golden apples.
If it were not for this little business of holding up the sky, I would make half a dozen steps across the sea, and get them for you."
"You are very kind," replied Hercules.
"And cannot you rest the sky upon a mountain?"
"None of them are quite high enough," said Atlas, shaking his head.
"But, if you were to take your stand on the summit of that nearest one, your head would be pretty nearly on a level with mine.
You seem to be a fellow of some strength.
What if you should take my burden on your shoulders, while I do your errand for you?"
Hercules, as you must be careful to remember, was a remarkably strong man; and though it certainly requires a great deal of muscular power to uphold the sky, yet, if any mortal could be supposed capable of such an exploit, he was the one.

As they went along, the poor goose shed bitter tears of reproach, and each tear became a beautiful pearl.
The Rajah's son chanced to come that way, saw the pearls, and followed in their track, until he came to the spot where the Brahmin sat.
"What is in your bag?"
he asked; "and why do pearls fall from it as you walk along?"
The Brahmin denied that he had anything in his bag, but the Prince would not listen, and accused him of theft; so at length he opened it, and displayed the wild goose.
The poor bird told the Prince of all he had done for the Brahmin, and of the poor return and ingratitude he was having now.
This made the Prince very angry, and he at once released the goose, who gladly flew away.
The Brahmin then went to the Rajah, and told him what his son had done, and orders were at once given to banish the Prince from the kingdom.
Then the Prince went to the river and told the wild goose of his banishment, and, out of gratitude, the goose and his wife brought food and fruit daily, and placed it before him.
This went on for some time, and then the geese decided to find a wife for their visitor.
Now a lovely Princess lived in a Palace close to that place; and one night, while she slept, the two geese joined wings under her bed, and carried her to the river.
In the morning when she awoke she was surprised to find herself in this lonely place.

said Achelous.
"I will make her the queen of the river lands.
The music of the waters shall be always in her ears, and the plenty that follows wherever I go shall make her rich."
"No!"
shouted Hercules.
"I am the strength of the earth.
Dejanira is mine.
You shall not have her."
Then the river-god grew very angry.
His green robe changed its color to that of the black of the sea in a storm, and his voice was as loud as that of a mountain cataract.
Achelous could be almost as powerful as Hercules when he was angered.
"How do you dare claim this royal maiden?"

Her husband was still stretching himself, so she poked him in the side with her elbow, and said, “Get up, husband, and just peep out of the window.
Look you, couldn’t we be the King over all that land?
Go to the Flounder, we will be the King.” “Ah, wife,” said the man, “why should we be King?
I do not want to be King.” “Well,” said the wife, “if you won’t be King, I will; go to the Flounder, for I will be King.” “Ah, wife,” said the man, “why do you want to be King?
I do not like to say that to him.”
“Why not?” said the woman; “go to him this instant; I must be King!” So the man went, and was quite unhappy because his wife wished to be King.
“It is not right; it is not right,” thought he.
He did not wish to go, but yet he went.
And when he came to the sea, it was quite dark-grey, and the water heaved up from below, and smelt putrid.
Then he went and stood by it, and said, 
“Flounder, flounder in the sea, Come, I pray thee, here to me; For my wife, good Ilsabil, Wills not as I’d have her will”
“Well, what does she want, then?” said the Flounder.
“Alas,” said the man, “she wants to be King.” “Go to her; she is King already.”
So the man went, and when he came to the palace, the castle had become much larger, and had a great tower and magnificent ornaments, and the sentinel was standing before the door, and there were numbers of soldiers with kettle-drums and trumpets.
And when he went inside the house, everything was of real marble and gold, with velvet covers and great golden tassels.
Then the doors of the hall were opened, and there was the court in all its splendour, and his wife was sitting on a high throne of gold and diamonds, with a great crown of gold on her head, and a sceptre of pure gold and jewels in her hand, and on both sides of her stood her maids-in-waiting in a row, each of them always one head shorter than the last.

It belched forth shoots of fire five hundred yards long, and emitted hisses so loud, so harsh, and so ear-piercing, that King Iobates heard them, fifty miles off, and trembled till the throne shook under him.
"Well-a-day!"
thought the poor king; "the Chimæra is certainly coming to devour me!"
Meanwhile Pegasus had again paused in the air, and neighed angrily, while sparkles of a pure crystal flame darted out of his eyes.
How unlike the lurid fire of the Chimæra!
The aerial steed's spirit was all aroused, and so was that of Bellerophon.
"Dost thou bleed, my immortal horse?"
cried the young man, caring less for his own hurt than for the anguish of this glorious creature, that ought never to have tasted pain.
"The execrable Chimæra shall pay for this mischief with his last head!"
Then he shook the bridle, shouted loudly, and guided Pegasus, not aslantwise as before, but straight at the monster's hideous front.
So rapid was the onset, that it seemed but a dazzle and a flash before Bellerophon was at close gripes with his enemy.
The Chimæra, by this time, after losing its second head, had got into a red-hot passion of pain and rampant rage.

The fact was, she wickedly meant to keep me in reserve for her own eating in the winter, when food would be scarce.
Yet she was a very clever lady-owl.
She explained to me that the watchman could only hoot with the horn that hung loose at his side and that he was so terribly proud of it that he imagined himself an owl in the tower, wanted to do great things, but only succeeded in small soup from a sausage skewer.
"Then I begged the owl to give me the recipe for this soup.
'Soup from a sausage skewer,' said she, 'is only a proverb amongst mankind and may be understood in many ways.
Each believes his own way the best, and, after all, the proverb signifies nothing.'
'Nothing!'
I exclaimed.
I was quite struck.
Truth is not always agreeable, but truth is above everything else, as the old owl said.
I thought over all this and saw quite plainly that if truth was really so far above everything else, it must be much more valuable than soup from a sausage skewer.
So I hastened to get away, that I might be in time and bring what was highest and best and above everything namely, the truth.

"Let us remain dear companions."
The rich man went home under the heavy burden of the misery-giving Woe.
His wealth was soon lost, but his brother, who knew how to get rid of Woe, was prosperous and is prosperous to this day.
BABA YAGA 
Somewhere, I cannot tell you exactly where, but certainly in vast Russia, there lived a peasant with his wife and they had twins son and daughter.
One day the wife died and the husband mourned over her very sincerely for a long time.
One year passed, and two years, and even longer.
But there is no order in a house without a woman, and a day came when the man thought, "If I marry again possibly it would turn out all right."
And so he did, and had children by his second wife.
The stepmother was envious of the stepson and daughter and began to use them hardly.
She scolded them without any reason, sent them away from home as often as she wished, and gave them scarcely enough to eat.
Finally she wanted to get rid of them altogether.
Do you know what it means to allow a wicked thought to enter one's heart?

He laughed.
But more I marvelled that the priests should swear that smoky jet of his was genuine.
To and fro I paced before this skeleton—brushed the vines aside—broke through the ribs—and with a ball of Arsacidean twine, wandered, eddied long amid its many winding, shaded colonnades and arbours.
But soon my line was out; and following it back, I emerged from the opening where I entered.
I saw no living thing within; naught was there but bones.
Cutting me a green measuring-rod, I once more dived within the skeleton.
From their arrow-slit in the skull, the priests perceived me taking the altitude of the final rib, “How now!” they shouted; “Dar’st thou measure this our god!
That’s for us.” “Aye, priests—well, how long do ye make him, then?” But hereupon a fierce contest rose among them, concerning feet and inches; they cracked each other’s sconces with their yard-sticks—the great skull echoed—and seizing that lucky chance, I quickly concluded my own admeasurements.
These admeasurements I now propose to set before you.
But first, be it recorded, that, in this matter, I am not free to utter any fancied measurement I please.
Because there are skeleton authorities you can refer to, to test my accuracy.
There is a Leviathanic Museum, they tell me, in Hull, England, one of the whaling ports of that country, where they have some fine specimens of fin-backs and other whales.

"What ho!
What ho!"
"What ho!
What ho!
What ho!"
After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation.
"How are you feeling this morning?"
I asked.
"Topping!"
replied Motty, blithely and with abandon.
"I say, you know, that fellow of yours Jeeves, you know is a corker.
I had a most frightful headache when I woke up, and he brought me a sort of rummy dark drink, and it put me right again at once.

I'll soon put a spoke in your wheel, just see if I don't."
So he lost no time, but took the steel out of his tinder-box, and threw it over the horse; then it had no power to stir from the spot, and became so tame that the lad could do what he liked with it.
So he got on its back, and rode off with it to a place which no one knew of, and there he put up the horse.
When he got home, his brothers laughed and asked how he had fared?
"You didn't lie long in the barn, even if you had the heart to go so far as the field."
"Well," said Boots, "all I can say is, I lay in the barn till the sun rose, and neither saw nor heard anything; I can't think what there was in the barn to make you both so afraid."
"A pretty story," said his brothers; "but we'll soon see how you have watched the meadow;" so they set off; but when they reached it, there stood the grass as deep and thick as it had been over night.
Well, the next St. John's eve it was the same story over again; neither of the elder brothers dared to go out to the outlying field to watch the crop; but Boots, he had the heart to go, and everything happened just as it had happened the year before.
First a clatter and an earthquake, then a greater clatter and another earthquake, and so on a third time; only this year the earthquakes were far worse than the year before.
Then all at once everything was as still as death, and the lad heard how something was cropping the grass outside the barn-door, so he stole to the door, and peeped through a chink; and what do you think he saw?
Why, another horse standing right up against the wall, and chewing and champing with might and main.
It was far finer and fatter than that which came the year before, and it had a saddle on its back, and a bridle on its neck, and a full suit of mail for a knight lay by its side, all of silver, and as grand as you would wish to see.

Taught to obey a power they were afraid of, they naturally turned with delight to the service of a God whose genius in the erection of a boundless and successful hell challenged their admiration and esteem.
So, too, their own executions of Divine laws were successful as they gave pain, and the most beautiful features of Christianity, namely, love and charity, according to history, were not cultivated very much.
There were in New England at one time twelve offences punishable with death, and in Virginia seventeen.
This would indicate that the death-penalty is getting unpopular very fast, and that in the contiguous future humane people will wonder why murder should have called for murder, in this brainy, charitable, and occult age, in which man seems almost able to pry open the future and catch a glimpse of Destiny underneath the great tent that has heretofore held him off by means of death's prohibitory rates.
In Hartford people had to get up when the town watchman rang his bell.
The affairs of the family, and private matters too numerous to mention, were regulated by the selectmen.
The catalogues of Harvard and Yale were regulated according to the standing of the family as per record in the old country, and not as per bust measurement and merit, as it is to-day.
Scolding women, however, were gagged and tied to their front doors, so that the populace could bite its thumb at them, and hired girls received fifty dollars a year, with the understanding that they were not to have over two days out each week, except Sunday and the days they had to go and see their "sick sisters."
Some cloth-weaving was indulged in, and homespun was the principal material used for clothing.
Mrs. Washington had sixteen spinning-wheels in her house.
Her husband often wore homespun while at home, and on rainy days sometimes placed a pair of home-made trousers of the barn-door variety in the Presidential chair.
Money was very scarce, and ammunition very valuable.

He was going to pick up the pieces to see if they could be stuck together, but to his very great surprise lie could not touch them.
He heard a silvery laugh, and what sounded like children clapping their hands, and he thought he also heard the words, "Our pitcher is ours again!"
Could it all have been a dream?
No: for there on the ground were the fruits and cakes that had been in the pitcher, and there were his wife, his children and his friends, all looking sadly and angrily at him.
One by one the friends went away, leaving Subha Datta alone with his family.
25.
If you had been Subha Datta's wife, what would you have done when this misfortune came to her husband?
26.
What would you have done if you had been the woodcutter?
This is the end of the story of the Magic Pitcher, but it was the beginning of a new 
27.
What lesson can be learnt from this story?
28.

It seemed to him that the noon recess would never come.
The air was utterly dead.
There was not a breath stirring.
It was the sleepiest of sleepy days.
The drowsing murmur of the five and twenty studying scholars soothed the soul like the spell that is in the murmur of bees.
Away off in the flaming sunshine, Cardiff Hill lifted its soft green sides through a shimmering veil of heat, tinted with the purple of distance; a few birds floated on lazy wing high in the air; no other living thing was visible but some cows, and they were asleep.
Tom's heart ached to be free, or else to have something of interest to do to pass the dreary time.
His hand wandered into his pocket and his face lit up with a glow of gratitude that was prayer, though he did not know it.
Then furtively the percussion-cap box came out.
He released the tick and put him on the long flat desk.
The creature probably glowed with a gratitude that amounted to prayer, too, at this moment, but it was premature: for when he started thankfully to travel off, Tom turned him aside with a pin and made him take a new direction.
Tom's bosom friend sat next him, suffering just as Tom had been, and now he was deeply and gratefully interested in this entertainment in an instant.

As Deirdre watched the flow of the scarlet stream, a raven, black as night, flew down and drank of the warm blood.
Then Deirdre smiled.
'Where are thy thoughts, fair child?'
asked Lavarcam, entering the room.
'Only did I think,' said Deirdre, 'that if a youth could be found whose skin was white as snow, his cheek crimson as that pool of blood, and his hair black as the raven's wing, him could I love right gladly.'
Then Lavarcam spake: 'Such a man have I seen, and one only.'
'His name, Lavarcam, his name?'
cried Deirdre.
'Whence comes he, and wherefrom he be found?'
'The fairest of three fair brothers is this Nathos, the son of Usna, and now is he with Concobar the King.'
And Deirdre would thereafter think of none but Nathos, and Lavarcam was much troubled because of the words that she had spoken.
And when Deirdre longed grievously by day and night to see this Nathos of whom she had heard, Lavarcam thought of a plan whereby she might end the maiden's dream.

Hardly able to believe what I saw I followed you home.
Your strength of arm, which I have just tried, proves what I saw this afternoon.
When you are full-grown you will surely be the strongest man in all Japan.
It is a pity that you are hidden away in these wild mountains."
Then he turned to Kintaro's mother:
"And you, mother, have you no thought of taking your child to the Capital, and of teaching him to carry a sword as befits a samurai (a Japanese knight)?"
"You are very kind to take so much interest in my son."
replied the mother; "but he is as you see, wild and uneducated, and I fear it would be very difficult to do as you say.
Because of his great strength as an infant I hid him away in this unknown part of the country, for he hurt every one that came near him.
I have often wished that I could, one day, see my boy a knight wearing two swords, but as we have no influential friend to introduce us at the Capital, I fear my hope will never come true."
"You need not trouble yourself about that.
To tell you the truth I am no woodcutter!
I am one of the great generals of Japan.

These houses were quite small, the biggest of them reaching only as high as Dorothy's waist.
There were also pretty little barns, with china fences around them; and many cows and sheep and horses and pigs and chickens, all made of china, were standing about in groups.
But the strangest of all were the people who lived in this queer country.
There were milkmaids and shepherdesses, with brightly colored bodices and golden spots all over their gowns; and princesses with most gorgeous frocks of silver and gold and purple; and shepherds dressed in knee breeches with pink and yellow and blue stripes down them, and golden buckles on their shoes; and princes with jeweled crowns upon their heads, wearing ermine robes and satin doublets; and funny clowns in ruffled gowns, with round red spots upon their cheeks and tall, pointed caps.
And, strangest of all, these people were all made of china, even to their clothes, and were so small that the tallest of them was no higher than Dorothy's knee.
No one did so much as look at the travelers at first, except one little purple china dog with an extra-large head, which came to the wall and barked at them in a tiny voice, afterwards running away again.
"How shall we get down?"
asked Dorothy.
They found the ladder so heavy they could not pull it up, so the Scarecrow fell off the wall and the others jumped down upon him so that the hard floor would not hurt their feet.
Of course they took pains not to light on his head and get the pins in their feet.
When all were safely down they picked up the Scarecrow, whose body was quite flattened out, and patted his straw into shape again.
"We must cross this strange place in order to get to the other side,"
said Dorothy, "for it would be unwise for us to go any other way except due South."

In fact it was nearly night when he got the work all done.
"Poor little Red Fox had stood there all the time, and OLD-man never noticed that the wind had changed and was coming from the north.
Yes, poor Red Fox stood there and spoke no word; said nothing at all, even when OLD-man had finished.
"'Hi, there, you!
what's the matter with you?
Are you sorry that we have meat?
Say, answer me!'
"But the Red Fox was frozen stiff was dead.
Yes, the north wind had killed him while OLD-man worked at the skinning.
The Fox had been caught by the north wind naked, and was dead.
OLD-man built a fire and warmed his hands; that was all he cared for the Red Fox, and that is all he cared for anybody.
He might have known that no person could stand the north wind without a robe; but as long as he was warm himself that was all he wanted.

“Fame, fame, that glittering bauble, it is mine,” he cried.
“Is it quite good form to be distinguished at anything?” the tap-tap from his school replied.
“I am the only man whom Barbecue feared,” he urged, “and Flint feared Barbecue.”
“Barbecue, Flint what house?” came the cutting retort.
Most disquieting reflection of all, was it not bad form to think about good form?
His vitals were tortured by this problem.
It was a claw within him sharper than the iron one; and as it tore him, the perspiration dripped down his tallow [waxy] countenance and streaked his doublet.
Ofttimes he drew his sleeve across his face, but there was no damming that trickle.
Ah, envy not Hook.
There came to him a presentiment of his early dissolution [death].
It was as if Peter's terrible oath had boarded the ship.
Hook felt a gloomy desire to make his dying speech, lest presently there should be no time for it.
“Better for Hook,” he cried, “if he had had less ambition!” It was in his darkest hours only that he referred to himself in the third person.

I only wish we may all keep well and be together, nothing else."
"I have ever so many wishes, but the pet one is to be an artist, and go to Rome, and do fine pictures, and be the best artist in the whole world," was Amy's modest desire.
"We're an ambitious set, aren't we?
Every one of us, but Beth, wants to be rich and famous, and gorgeous in every respect.
I do wonder if any of us will ever get our wishes," said Laurie, chewing grass like a meditative calf.
"I've got the key to my castle in the air, but whether I can unlock the door remains to be seen," observed Jo mysteriously.
"I've got the key to mine, but I'm not allowed to try it.
Hang college!"
muttered Laurie with an impatient sigh.
"Here's mine!"
and Amy waved her pencil.
"I haven't got any," said Meg forlornly.

"I don't know," Sara replied.
"How are you?"
"I'm I'm quite well," said Ermengarde, overwhelmed with shyness.
Then spasmodically she thought of something to say which seemed more intimate.
"Are you are you very unhappy?"
she said in a rush.
Then Sara was guilty of an injustice.
Just at that moment her torn heart swelled within her, and she felt that if anyone was as stupid as that, one had better get away from her.
"What do you think?"
she said.
"Do you think I am very happy?"
And she marched past her without another word.

Oh no; he belongs to one of the companies.
Look here, at all events put your bundle down, here.”
“Yes, I will if I may; and can I take off my cloak”
“Of course; you can’t go in there with it on, anyhow.”
The prince rose and took off his mantle, revealing a neat enough morning costume a little worn, but well made.
He wore a steel watch chain and from this chain there hung a silver Geneva watch.
Fool the prince might be, still, the general’s servant felt that it was not correct for him to continue to converse thus with a visitor, in spite of the fact that the prince pleased him somehow.
“And what time of day does the lady receive?” the latter asked, reseating himself in his old place.
“Oh, that’s not in my province!
I believe she receives at any time; it depends upon the visitors.
The dressmaker goes in at eleven.
Gavrila Ardalionovitch is allowed much earlier than other people, too; he is even admitted to early lunch now and then.”
“It is much warmer in the rooms here than it is abroad at this season,”
 observed the prince; “but it is much warmer there out of doors.
As for the houses a Russian can’t live in them in the winter until he gets accustomed to them.”
“Don’t they heat them at all?”
“Well, they do heat them a little; but the houses and stoves are so different to ours.”
“H’m!
were you long away?”
“Four years!
and I was in the same place nearly all the time, in one village.”
“You must have forgotten Russia, hadn’t you?”
“Yes, indeed I had a good deal; and, would you believe it, I often wonder at myself for not having forgotten how to speak Russian?

And as the Raven Ralph was fond of the large Letters, Tom the Pidgeon took Care of the small ones, of which he composed this Alphabet.
a b c d e f g h i j k l m                       n o p q r s t u v w x y z.
The Neighbours knowing that Mrs. Two Shoes was very good, as to be sure nobody was better, made her a Present of a little Sky-lark, and a fine Bird he is.
Now as many People, even at that Time had learned to lie in Bed long in the Morning, she thought the Lark might be of Use to her and her Pupils, and tell them when to get up.
For be that is fond of his Bed, and lays 'till Noon, lives but half his Days, the rest being lost in Sleep, which is a Kind of Death.
Some Time after this a poor Lamb had lost its Dam, and the Farmer being about to kill it, she bought it of him, and brought it home with her to play with the Children, and teach them when to go to Bed; for it was a Rule with the wise Men of that Age (and a very good one, let me tell you) to 
  Rise with the Lark, and lie down with the Lamb.
This Lamb she called Will, and a pretty Fellow he is; do, look at him.
No sooner was Tippy the Lark and Will the Ba-lamb brought into the School, but that sensible Rogue Ralph, the Raven, composed the following Verse, which every little good Boy and Girl should get by Heart.
Early to Bed, and early to rise;   Is the Way to be healthy, and wealthy, and wise.
A sly Rogue; but it is true enough; for those who do not go to Bed early cannot rise early; and those who do not rise early cannot do much Business.
Pray, let this be told at the Court, and to People who have Routs and Rackets.
Soon after this, a Present was made to Mrs. Margery of little Dog Jumper, and a pretty Dog he is.

"Go back!"
shouted he.
The boat was rowed back, but when it came near the ship, so many people jumped into it, that it was overturned and all in it were drowned.
Soon the White Ship sank also, and of all the gay company upon it only one man was saved.
When King Henry heard that his only son was dead, he was very sorrowful, and it is said that no man ever again saw a smile upon his face.
Joan of Arc
In a village in the green country of France, there once lived a girl named Joan.
She spent her days in sewing and spinning, and in minding her father's sheep.
At that time there was a sad war in France, and the English had won many battles.
Joan was grieved to hear of the trouble of her country.
She thought of it night and day, and one night she dreamt that an angel came, and told her to go and help the French prince.
When Joan told her friends of this dream, they laughed at her.
"How can a poor girl help the prince?"

Our friend, Gania, belonged to the other class to the “much cleverer”
 persons, though he was from head to foot permeated and saturated with the longing to be original.
This class, as I have said above, is far less happy.
For the “clever commonplace” person, though he may possibly imagine himself a man of genius and originality, none the less has within his heart the deathless worm of suspicion and doubt; and this doubt sometimes brings a clever man to despair.
(As a rule, however, nothing tragic happens; his liver becomes a little damaged in the course of time, nothing more serious.
Such men do not give up their aspirations after originality without a severe struggle, and there have been men who, though good fellows in themselves, and even benefactors to humanity, have sunk to the level of base criminals for the sake of originality).
Gania was a beginner, as it were, upon this road.
A deep and unchangeable consciousness of his own lack of talent, combined with a vast longing to be able to persuade himself that he was original, had rankled in his heart, even from childhood.
He seemed to have been born with overwrought nerves, and in his passionate desire to excel, he was often led to the brink of some rash step; and yet, having resolved upon such a step, when the moment arrived, he invariably proved too sensible to take it.
He was ready, in the same way, to do a base action in order to obtain his wished-for object; and yet, when the moment came to do it, he found that he was too honest for any great baseness.
(Not that he objected to acts of petty meanness he was always ready for them.)
He looked with hate and loathing on the poverty and downfall of his family, and treated his mother with haughty contempt, although he knew that his whole future depended on her character and reputation.
Aglaya had simply frightened him; yet he did not give up all thoughts of her though he never seriously hoped that she would condescend to him.

Yet Ernest had had no teacher, save only that the Great Stone Face became one to him.
When the toil of the day was over, he would gaze at it for hours, until he began to imagine that those vast features recognized him, and gave him a smile of kindness and encouragement, responsive to his own look of veneration.
We must not take upon us to affirm that this was a mistake, although the Face may have looked no more kindly at Ernest than at all the world besides.
But the secret was that the boy's tender and confiding simplicity discerned what other people could not see; and thus the love, which was meant for all, became his peculiar portion.
About this time there went a rumor throughout the valley, that the great man, foretold from ages long ago, who was to bear a resemblance to the Great Stone Face, had appeared at last.
It seems that, many years before, a young man had migrated from the valley and settled at a distant seaport, where, after getting together a little money, he had set up as a shopkeeper.
His name but I could never learn whether it was his real one, or a nickname that had grown out of his habits and success in life was Gathergold.
Being shrewd and active, and endowed by Providence with that inscrutable faculty which develops itself in what the world calls luck, he became an exceedingly rich merchant, and owner of a whole fleet of bulky-bottomed ships.
All the countries of the globe appeared to join hands for the mere purpose of adding heap after heap to the mountainous accumulation of this one man's wealth.
The cold regions of the north, almost within the gloom and shadow of the Arctic Circle, sent him their tribute in the shape of furs; hot Africa sifted for him the golden sands of her rivers, and gathered up the ivory tusks of her great elephants out of the forests; the East came bringing him the rich shawls, and spices, and teas, and the effulgence of diamonds, and the gleaming purity of large pearls.
The ocean, not to be behindhand with the earth, yielded up her mighty whales, that Mr. Gathergold might sell their oil, and make a profit of it.
Be the original commodity what it might, it was gold within his grasp.

“So this is the manling,” said Kaa.
“Very soft is his skin, and he is not unlike the Bandar-log.
Have a care, manling, that I do not mistake thee for a monkey some twilight when I have newly changed my coat.”
“We be one blood, thou and I,” Mowgli answered.
“I take my life from thee tonight.
My kill shall be thy kill if ever thou art hungry, O Kaa.”
“All thanks, Little Brother,” said Kaa, though his eyes twinkled.
“And what may so bold a hunter kill?
I ask that I may follow when next he goes abroad.”
“I kill nothing, I am too little, but I drive goats toward such as can use them.
When thou art empty come to me and see if I speak the truth.
I have some skill in these [he held out his hands], and if ever thou art in a trap, I may pay the debt which I owe to thee, to Bagheera, and to Baloo, here.
Good hunting to ye all, my masters.”
“Well said,” growled Baloo, for Mowgli had returned thanks very prettily.
The Python dropped his head lightly for a minute on Mowgli’s shoulder.
“A brave heart and a courteous tongue,” said he.

"Then I must," said Nigel.
"I can, but it's slow work, and it makes me very unhappy.
It'll take me days and days."
"Don't begin yet," said the Princess.
"You'll have plenty of time to be unhappy when I'm not with you.
Tell me all about yourself."
So he did.
And then she told him all about herself.
"I know I've been here a long time," she said, "but I don't know what Time is.
And I am very busy sewing silk flowers on a golden gown for my wedding day.
And the griffin does the housework his wings are so convenient and feathery for sweeping and dusting.
And the dragon does the cooking he's hot inside, so, of course, it's no trouble to him; and though I don't know what Time is I'm sure it's time for my wedding day, because my golden gown only wants one more white daisy on the sleeve, and a lily on the bosom of it, and then it will be ready."

It’s an all-fired outrage to tell any human creature that he’s bound to hell.
Flukes and flames!
Bildad, say that again to me, and start my soul-bolts, but I’ll—I’ll—yes, I’ll swallow a live goat with all his hair and horns on.
Out of the cabin, ye canting, drab-coloured son of a wooden gun—a straight wake with ye!”
As he thundered out this he made a rush at Bildad, but with a marvellous oblique, sliding celerity, Bildad for that time eluded him.
Alarmed at this terrible outburst between the two principal and responsible owners of the ship, and feeling half a mind to give up all idea of sailing in a vessel so questionably owned and temporarily commanded, I stepped aside from the door to give egress to Bildad, who, I made no doubt, was all eagerness to vanish from before the awakened wrath of Peleg.
But to my astonishment, he sat down again on the transom very quietly, and seemed to have not the slightest intention of withdrawing.
He seemed quite used to impenitent Peleg and his ways.
As for Peleg, after letting off his rage as he had, there seemed no more left in him, and he, too, sat down like a lamb, though he twitched a little as if still nervously agitated.
“Whew!” he whistled at last—“the squall’s gone off to leeward, I think.
Bildad, thou used to be good at sharpening a lance, mend that pen, will ye.
My jack-knife here needs the grindstone.
That’s he; thank ye, Bildad.

The prince then took back his loaf and his sword, and the three brothers rode on.
But after this they entered two more countries where war and famine reigned and each time the prince gave his loaf and his sword to the Kings, and had now delivered three kingdoms, and after that they went on board a ship and sailed over the sea.
During the passage, the two eldest conversed apart and said, “The youngest has found the water of life and not we, for that our father will give him the kingdom the kingdom which belongs to us, and he will rob us of all our fortune.” They then began to seek revenge, and plotted with each other to destroy him.
They waited until they found him fast asleep, then they poured the water of life out of the cup, and took it for themselves, but into the cup they poured salt sea-water.
Now therefore, when they arrived home, the youngest took his cup to the sick King in order that he might drink out of it, and be cured.
But scarcely had he drunk a very little of the salt sea-water than he became still worse than before.
And as he was lamenting over this, the two eldest brothers came, and accused the youngest of having intended to poison him, and said that they had brought him the true water of life, and handed it to him.
He had scarcely tasted it, when he felt his sickness departing, and became strong and healthy as in the days of his youth.
After that they both went to the youngest, mocked him, and said, “You certainly found the water of life, but you have had the pain, and we the gain; you should have been sharper, and should have kept your eyes open.
We took it from you whilst you were asleep at sea, and when a year is over, one of us will go and fetch the beautiful princess.
But beware that you do not disclose aught of this to our father; indeed he does not trust you, and if you say a single word, you shall lose your life into the bargain, but if you keep silent, you shall have it as a gift.”
The old King was angry with his youngest son, and thought he had plotted against his life.
So he summoned the court together and had sentence pronounced upon his son, that he should be secretly shot.

That I am too old?” said Mr. Lorry.
“Unsettled weather, a long journey, uncertain means of travelling, a disorganised country, a city that may not be even safe for you.”
“My dear Charles,” said Mr. Lorry, with cheerful confidence, “you touch some of the reasons for my going: not for my staying away.
It is safe enough for me; nobody will care to interfere with an old fellow of hard upon fourscore when there are so many people there much better worth interfering with.
As to its being a disorganised city, if it were not a disorganised city there would be no occasion to send somebody from our House here to our House there, who knows the city and the business, of old, and is in Tellson's confidence.
As to the uncertain travelling, the long journey, and the winter weather, if I were not prepared to submit myself to a few inconveniences for the sake of Tellson's, after all these years, who ought to be?”
“I wish I were going myself,” said Charles Darnay, somewhat restlessly, and like one thinking aloud.
“Indeed!
You are a pretty fellow to object and advise!” exclaimed Mr.
Lorry.
“You wish you were going yourself?
And you a Frenchman born?
You are a wise counsellor.”
“My dear Mr. Lorry, it is because I am a Frenchman born, that the thought (which I did not mean to utter here, however) has passed through my mind often.
One cannot help thinking, having had some sympathy for the miserable people, and having abandoned something to them,” he spoke here in his former thoughtful manner, “that one might be listened to, and might have the power to persuade to some restraint.
Only last night, after you had left us, when I was talking to Lucie ”
“When you were talking to Lucie,” Mr. Lorry repeated.

Now, when you see that a young lady, otherwise neatly dressed, has come away from home with odd boots, half-buttoned, it is no great deduction to say that she came away in a hurry.”
“And what else?” I asked, keenly interested, as I always was, by my friend’s incisive reasoning.
“I noted, in passing, that she had written a note before leaving home but after being fully dressed.
You observed that her right glove was torn at the forefinger, but you did not apparently see that both glove and finger were stained with violet ink.
She had written in a hurry and dipped her pen too deep.
It must have been this morning, or the mark would not remain clear upon the finger.
All this is amusing, though rather elementary, but I must go back to business, Watson.
Would you mind reading me the advertised description of Mr. Hosmer Angel?”
I held the little printed slip to the light.
“Missing,” it said, “on the morning of the fourteenth, a gentleman named Hosmer Angel.
About five ft. seven in.
in height; strongly built, sallow complexion, black hair, a little bald in the centre, bushy, black side-whiskers and moustache; tinted glasses, slight infirmity of speech.
Was dressed, when last seen, in black frock-coat faced with silk, black waistcoat, gold Albert chain, and grey Harris tweed trousers, with brown gaiters over elastic-sided boots.
Known to have been employed in an office in Leadenhall Street.

Some of us have damp ways, and some of us have dry ways.
Here is the letter.
Go along.”
Jerry took the letter, and, remarking to himself with less internal deference than he made an outward show of, “You are a lean old one, too,” made his bow, informed his son, in passing, of his destination, and went his way.
They hanged at Tyburn, in those days, so the street outside Newgate had not obtained one infamous notoriety that has since attached to it.
But, the gaol was a vile place, in which most kinds of debauchery and villainy were practised, and where dire diseases were bred, that came into court with the prisoners, and sometimes rushed straight from the dock at my Lord Chief Justice himself, and pulled him off the bench.
It had more than once happened, that the Judge in the black cap pronounced his own doom as certainly as the prisoner's, and even died before him.
For the rest, the Old Bailey was famous as a kind of deadly inn-yard, from which pale travellers set out continually, in carts and coaches, on a violent passage into the other world: traversing some two miles and a half of public street and road, and shaming few good citizens, if any.
So powerful is use, and so desirable to be good use in the beginning.
It was famous, too, for the pillory, a wise old institution, that inflicted a punishment of which no one could foresee the extent; also, for the whipping-post, another dear old institution, very humanising and softening to behold in action; also, for extensive transactions in blood-money, another fragment of ancestral wisdom, systematically leading to the most frightful mercenary crimes that could be committed under Heaven.
Altogether, the Old Bailey, at that date, was a choice illustration of the precept, that “Whatever is is right;” an aphorism that would be as final as it is lazy, did it not include the troublesome consequence, that nothing that ever was, was wrong.
Making his way through the tainted crowd, dispersed up and down this hideous scene of action, with the skill of a man accustomed to make his way quietly, the messenger found out the door he sought, and handed in his letter through a trap in it.
For, people then paid to see the play at the Old Bailey, just as they paid to see the play in Bedlam only the former entertainment was much the dearer.

St. Peter thanked him, went onwards, and threw himself again in the soldier’s way as a beggar, but in another shape; and when he came up begged a gift of him as before.
Brother Lustig spoke as he had done before, and again gave him a quarter of the loaf and one kreuzer.
St. Peter thanked him, and went onwards, but for the third time placed himself in another shape as a beggar on the road, and spoke to Brother Lustig.
Brother Lustig gave him also the third quarter of bread and the third kreuzer.
St. Peter thanked him, and Brother Lustig went onwards, and had but a quarter of the loaf, and one kreuzer.
With that he went into an inn, ate the bread, and ordered one kreuzer’s worth of beer.
When he had had it, he journeyed onwards, and then St. Peter, who had assumed the appearance of a discharged soldier, met and spoke to him thus: “Good day, comrade, canst thou not give me a bit of bread, and a kreuzer to get a drink?”
“Where am I to procure it?” answered Brother Lustig; “I have been discharged, and I got nothing but a loaf of ammunition-bread and four kreuzers in money.
I met three beggars on the road, and I gave each of them a quarter of my bread, and one kreuzer.
The last quarter I ate in the inn, and had a drink with the last kreuzer.
Now my pockets are empty, and if thou also hast nothing we can go a-begging together.”
“No,” answered St. Peter, “we need not quite do that.
I know a little about medicine, and I will soon earn as much as I require by that.”
“Indeed,” said Brother Lustig, “I know nothing of that, so I must go and beg alone.” “Just come with me,” said St. Peter, “and if I earn anything, thou shalt have half of it.” “All right,” said Brother Lustig, so they went away together.
Then they came to a peasant’s house inside which they heard loud lamentations and cries; so they went in, and there the husband was lying sick unto death, and very near his end, and his wife was crying and weeping quite loudly.

All at once there was heard a violent knocking at the door, and the old King, the Prince's father, went out himself to open it.
It was a Princess who was standing outside the door.
What with the rain and the wind, she was in a sad condition; the water trickled down from her hair, and her clothes clung to her body.
She said she was a real Princess.
“Ah!
we shall soon see that!” thought the old Queen-mother; however, she said not a word of what she was going to do; but went quietly into the bedroom, took all the bed-clothes off the bed, and put three little peas on the bedstead.
She then laid twenty mattresses one upon another over the three peas, and put twenty feather beds over the mattresses.
Upon this bed the Princess was to pass the night.
The next morning she was asked how she had slept.
“Oh, very badly indeed!” she replied.
“I have scarcely closed my eyes the whole night through.
I do not know what was in my bed, but I had something hard under me, and am all over black and blue.

asked the father, as his little daughter helped him to put on his traveling-cloak.
"Oh, bring me a rose," said Beauty hastily.
Her father kissed her fondly, and set out.
"You silly girl," said Marigold, "you just want our father to think you are more unselfish than we are that's what you want!
A rose, indeed!"
"Indeed, sister," said Beauty, "that was not the reason.
I thought our father would have enough to do in seeing to the safety of his ship, without being troubled to do shopping for me."
But the sisters were very much offended, and went off to sit in their own room to talk of the fine things they would have when their father came back.
In the meantime the merchant went his way to the city, full of hope and great plans as to what he would do with his money.
But when he got there, he found that some one had played a trick on him, and no ship of his had come into harbor, so he was just as badly off as before.
He spent the whole day looking about to make sure there was no truth in the letter he had received, and it was beginning to get dusk when he started out, with a sad heart, to make the journey home again.
He was tired and miserable, and he had tasted no food since he left home in the morning.

The men took scant pains to conceal their dislike for the young fellow who steadfastly refused to "chip in" when the camp jug was sent to the Skylark, the nearest saloon, some miles down the river, and who invariably declined to join in the camp's numerous sprees.
But Bennett worked on quietly.
And in the meantime to the old shack in the woods the baby had come in the bleak November weather.
Night was settling down over the woods.
An old half-breed woman was tending the fire in the one room of the shack, and on the wretched bed lay a fair-faced woman, the young wife and mother, who looked wistfully out at the bleak woods, white with the first snow, then turned her wan, pale face toward the tiny bundle at her side.
"Your pappy will come to-night, baby," she said, softly.
"It's Saturday, and your pappy will come to-night, sure."
She drew the covers more closely, and tucked them carefully about the small figure.
"Mend the fire, Lisette, please.
It's cold.
And, Lisette, please watch out down the road.
Sometimes Joe comes early Saturdays."

Others had to be coaxed, but when they heard that the toast was to be buttered on both sides, they all ended by accepting the invitation with the words, “We’ll come to please you.”
Now it must be known that, among all his friends, Pinocchio had one whom he loved most of all.
The boy’s real name was Romeo, but everyone called him Lamp-Wick, for he was long and thin and had a woebegone look about him.
Lamp-Wick was the laziest boy in the school and the biggest mischief-maker, but Pinocchio loved him dearly.
That day, he went straight to his friend’s house to invite him to the party, but Lamp-Wick was not at home.
He went a second time, and again a third, but still without success.
Where could he be?
Pinocchio searched here and there and everywhere, and finally discovered him hiding near a farmer’s wagon.
“What are you doing there?” asked Pinocchio, running up to him.
“I am waiting for midnight to strike to go ”
“Where?”
“Far, far away!”
“And I have gone to your house three times to look for you!”
“What did you want from me?”
“Haven’t you heard the news?
Don’t you know what good luck is mine?”
“What is it?”
“Tomorrow I end my days as a Marionette and become a boy, like you and all my other friends.”
“May it bring you luck!”
“Shall I see you at my party tomorrow?”
“But I’m telling you that I go tonight.”
“At what time?”
“At midnight.”
“And where are you going?”
“To a real country the best in the world a wonderful place!”
“What is it called?”
“It is called the Land of Toys.
Why don’t you come, too?”
“I?
Oh, no!”
“You are making a big mistake, Pinocchio.

I'll go; I'll go.
[Runs out.]
Mayor.
It is useless.
Every child in our city is following the magic sound.
Second Councilman.
The music seems to say: "Come, children, to the wonderful land of play.
There flowers and fruits will welcome you.
The birds and beasts will play with you, and you will never be sad or sorry in the wonderful land of play."
No wonder the children follow the Piper.
Third Councilman (enters).
The children and the Piper have all disappeared!

“Mr.
Jarvis Lorry, are you a clerk in Tellson's bank?”
“I am.”
“On a certain Friday night in November one thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, did business occasion you to travel between London and Dover by the mail?”
“It did.”
“Were there any other passengers in the mail?”
“Two.”
“Did they alight on the road in the course of the night?”
“They did.”
“Mr.
Lorry, look upon the prisoner.
Was he one of those two passengers?”
“I cannot undertake to say that he was.”
“Does he resemble either of these two passengers?”
“Both were so wrapped up, and the night was so dark, and we were all so reserved, that I cannot undertake to say even that.”
“Mr.
Lorry, look again upon the prisoner.
Supposing him wrapped up as those two passengers were, is there anything in his bulk and stature to render it unlikely that he was one of them?”
“No.”
“You will not swear, Mr. Lorry, that he was not one of them?”
“No.”
“So at least you say he may have been one of them?”
“Yes.
Except that I remember them both to have been like myself timorous of highwaymen, and the prisoner has not a timorous air.”
“Did you ever see a counterfeit of timidity, Mr. Lorry?”
“I certainly have seen that.”
“Mr.
Lorry, look once more upon the prisoner.
Have you seen him, to your certain knowledge, before?”
“I have.”
“When?”
“I was returning from France a few days afterwards, and, at Calais, the prisoner came on board the packet-ship in which I returned, and made the voyage with me.”
“At what hour did he come on board?”
“At a little after midnight.”
“In the dead of the night.
Was he the only passenger who came on board at that untimely hour?”
“He happened to be the only one.”
“Never mind about 'happening,' Mr. Lorry.
He was the only passenger who came on board in the dead of the night?”
“He was.”
“Were you travelling alone, Mr. Lorry, or with any companion?”
“With two companions.
A gentleman and lady.

But if there should by any chance happen to be a woman who is single at seven and twenty, I should not think Colonel Brandon's being thirty-five any objection to his marrying HER."
"A woman of seven and twenty," said Marianne, after pausing a moment, "can never hope to feel or inspire affection again, and if her home be uncomfortable, or her fortune small, I can suppose that she might bring herself to submit to the offices of a nurse, for the sake of the provision and security of a wife.
In his marrying such a woman therefore there would be nothing unsuitable.
It would be a compact of convenience, and the world would be satisfied.
In my eyes it would be no marriage at all, but that would be nothing.
To me it would seem only a commercial exchange, in which each wished to be benefited at the expense of the other."
"It would be impossible, I know," replied Elinor, "to convince you that a woman of seven and twenty could feel for a man of thirty-five anything near enough to love, to make him a desirable companion to her.
But I must object to your dooming Colonel Brandon and his wife to the constant confinement of a sick chamber, merely because he chanced to complain yesterday (a very cold damp day) of a slight rheumatic feel in one of his shoulders."
"But he talked of flannel waistcoats," said Marianne; "and with me a flannel waistcoat is invariably connected with aches, cramps, rheumatisms, and every species of ailment that can afflict the old and the feeble."
"Had he been only in a violent fever, you would not have despised him half so much.
Confess, Marianne, is not there something interesting to you in the flushed cheek, hollow eye, and quick pulse of a fever?"
Soon after this, upon Elinor's leaving the room, "Mama," said Marianne, "I have an alarm on the subject of illness which I cannot conceal from you.

"Now, I had it all planned that he should marry and set up housekeeping, and that I should have another pleasant neighbor soon."
"Ah!
Mrs.
Ground Hog," said her husband teasingly, "I knew you would be thinking of that.
You are a born matchmaker.
Now I think we could stand a few bachelors around here, fine young fellows who have nothing to do but enjoy life."
And his eyes twinkled as he said it.
"As though you did not enjoy life!"
answered his wife.
"Still, I could not wish any young Mole such a husband as this fellow.
It is a great undertaking to marry a grumpy bachelor and teach him the happiness of living for others."
And she looked very solemn.

It was the first time they had met since the encounter on the staircase at the hotel.
Painfully surprised as he was at this sudden apparition of Rogojin, the prince, for some little while, was unable to collect his thoughts.
Rogojin, evidently, saw and understood the impression he had made; and though he seemed more or less confused at first, yet he began talking with what looked like assumed ease and freedom.
However, the prince soon changed his mind on this score, and thought that there was not only no affectation of indifference, but that Rogojin was not even particularly agitated.
If there were a little apparent awkwardness, it was only in his words and gestures.
The man could not change his heart.
“How did you find me here?” asked the prince for the sake of saying something.
“Keller told me (I found him at your place) that you were in the park.
‘Of course he is!’ I thought.”
“Why so?” asked the prince uneasily.
Rogojin smiled, but did not explain.
“I received your letter, Lef Nicolaievitch what’s the good of all that?
It’s no use, you know.

She frowned as if she had expected better things of old Rocky.
"Well, you need to be," she said, "the way you treat his flat as your own!"
I give you my word, this quite unforeseen slam simply robbed me of the power of speech.
I'd been looking on myself in the light of the dashing host, and suddenly to be treated as an intruder jarred me.
It wasn't, mark you, as if she had spoken in a way to suggest that she considered my presence in the place as an ordinary social call.
She obviously looked on me as a cross between a burglar and the plumber's man come to fix the leak in the bathroom.
It hurt her my being there.
At this juncture, with the conversation showing every sign of being about to die in awful agonies, an idea came to me.
Tea the good old stand-by.
"Would you care for a cup of tea?"
I said.
"Tea?"

Grasping King Umb by the arm and hissing, "Hurry, you fool!"
she pulled the Mimic King after her and the two dashed from the dining room.
For a moment everyone was too startled to move except Toto.
He sped like an arrow after the fleeing monarchs.
The quick-witted Scarecrow broke the spell by leaping to his feet and following with awkward haste after the dog.
Instantly there rose a clamor of startled exclamations and bewildered questions from the Oz people who were thrown into confusion by these strange happenings.
By the time the Scarecrow had reached the corridor, King Umb, Queen Ra and Toto were nowhere in sight.
But the straw man could hear Toto's excited barking.
Following in the direction of the sound, down one corridor and up another, the Scarecrow arrived in the wing of the palace usually occupied by Ozma, and found Toto barking before a closed door.
The little dog's eyes flashed angrily.
When Toto saw the Scarecrow, he stopped barking and said, "I was just too late.
They slammed the door in my face and now I suppose it is locked."

I saw the black central shadow of the eclipse sweeping towards me.
In another moment the pale stars alone were visible.
All else was rayless obscurity.
The sky was absolutely black.
“A horror of this great darkness came on me.
The cold, that smote to my marrow, and the pain I felt in breathing, overcame me.
I shivered, and a deadly nausea seized me.
Then like a red-hot bow in the sky appeared the edge of the sun.
I got off the machine to recover myself.
I felt giddy and incapable of facing the return journey.
As I stood sick and confused I saw again the moving thing upon the shoal—there was no mistake now that it was a moving thing—against the red water of the sea.
It was a round thing, the size of a football perhaps, or, it may be, bigger, and tentacles trailed down from it; it seemed black against the weltering blood-red water, and it was hopping fitfully about.

He used his money to help others, and one of the best things he did was to irrigate the land; that is to say, he made canals into which water was made to flow in times when there was plenty of rain, so that there was no danger of there being another famine, such as that which had driven his father and uncles away.
The country in which he lived became very fruitful; everybody had enough to eat and drink; and Putraka was very much loved, especially by the poor and unhappy.
When the king who ruled over the land died, everybody wanted Putraka to take his place, and he was chosen at once.
5.
Will you describe the kind of man you think Putraka was?
6.
Do you know of any other country besides India in which everything depends on irrigation?
One of the other wise things Putraka did, when he became king, was to make great friends with his Brahman subjects.
Brahmans are always very fond of travelling, and Putraka thought, if he were good and generous to them, they would talk about him wherever they went, and that perhaps through them his father and uncles would hear about him.
He felt sure that, if they knew he was now a king ruling over their native land, they would want to come back.
He gave the Brahmans plenty of money, and told them to try and find his father and uncles.
If they did, they were to say how anxious he was to see them, and promise them everything they wanted, if only they would return.

charmant!"
exclaimed the ladies, for they all used to chatter French, and each worse than her neighbor.
"How much the bird reminds me of the musical box that belonged to our blessed empress!"
remarked an old knight.
"Oh!
yes, these are the same tunes, the same execution."
"Yes, yes!"
said the emperor, and at the remembrance he wept like a child.
"I still hope it is not a real bird," said the princess.
"Yes, it is a real bird," said those who had brought it.
"Well, then, let the bird fly," returned the princess.
And she positively refused to see the prince.

“Shall we start?” said the hare.
“Certainly,” said the hedgehog.
“Then both at once.” So saying, each placed himself in his own furrow.
The hare counted, “Once, twice, thrice, and away!” and went off like a whirlwind down the field.
The hedgehog, however, only ran about three paces, and then he stooped down in the furrow, and stayed quietly where he was.
When the hare therefore arrived in full career at the lower end of the field, the hedgehog’s wife met him with the cry, “I am here already!” The hare was shocked and wondered not a little, he thought no other than that it was the hedgehog himself who was calling to him, for the hedgehog’s wife looked just like her husband.
The hare, however, thought to himself, “That has not been done fairly,” and cried, “It must be run again, let us have it again.” And once more he went off like the wind in a storm, so that he seemed to fly.
But the hedgehog’s wife stayed quietly in her place.
So when the hare reached the top of the field, the hedgehog himself cried out to him, “I am here already.” The hare, however, quite beside himself with anger, cried, “It must be run again, we must have it again.” “All right,” answered the hedgehog, “for my part we’ll run as often as you choose.” So the hare ran seventy-three times more, and the hedgehog always held out against him, and every time the hare reached either the top or the bottom, either the hedgehog or his wife said, “I am here already.”
At the seventy-fourth time, however, the hare could no longer reach the end.
In the middle of the field he fell to the ground, blood streamed out of his mouth, and he lay dead on the spot.
But the hedgehog took the louis-d’or which he had won and the bottle of brandy, called his wife out of the furrow, and both went home together in great delight, and if they are not dead, they are living there still.
This is how it happened that the hedgehog made the hare run races with him on the Buxtehuder heath till he died, and since that time no hare has ever had any fancy for running races with a Buxtehuder hedgehog.

It was a pity that anything so dreadful should have happened on such a day as that.
The olive trees of Crete were in full leaf, and Daedalous could hear a nightingale singing in the forest nearby.
He was deaf to the music of birds, though, for he was listening for another sound.
It was May of the year, and the day when Athens sent a tribute of seven of the strongest lads and seven of the fairest daughters of Greece to be driven into the the Labyrinth, a tribute to King Minos of Crete.
The Minotaur, a raging beast half man and half bull, waited in its secret passageways to devour them.
Daedalous had built the Labyrinth and confined the Minotaur in it to commend himself to King Minos.
The sound he listened for was the crying of these youths and maidens on their way to the sacrifice.
The road was strangely quiet, although Daedalous could see the white garments of the children as they made their way toward him through the aisles of flowering trees.
Their eyes were bright with courage, and a youth who was taller and older than the others led them.
Daedalous trembled and hid behind a bank of moss as he saw him.
All Greece was beginning to talk of this youth, Theseus, the son of the King of Athens.
He had but lately come to Athens, having lived with his grandfather at Troezen, and had astounded the populace with his prowess.

Then he put on another, and whir, whir, whir, the wheel went round three times, and the second too was full; and so it went on till the morning, when all the straw was spun away, and all the bobbins were full of gold.
As soon as the sun rose the King came, and when he perceived the gold he was astonished and delighted, but his heart only lusted more than ever after the precious metal.
He had the miller’s daughter put into another room full of straw, much bigger than the first, and bade her, if she valued her life, spin it all into gold before the following morning.
The girl didn’t know what to do, and began to cry; then the door opened as before, and the tiny little man appeared and said: “What’ll you give me if I spin the straw into gold for you?” “The ring from my finger,” answered the girl.
The manikin took the ring, and whir!
round went the spinning-wheel again, and when morning broke he had spun all the straw into glittering gold.
The King was pleased beyond measure at the sights but his greed for gold was still not satisfied, and he had the miller’s daughter brought into a yet bigger room full of straw, and said: “You must spin all this away in the night; but if you succeed this time you shall become my wife.”
 “She’s only a miller’s daughter, it’s true,” he thought; “but I couldn’t find a richer wife if I were to search the whole world over.” When the girl was alone the little man appeared for the third time, and said:
“What’ll you give me if I spin the straw for you once again?” “I’ve nothing more to give,” answered the girl.
“Then promise me when you are Queen to give me your first child.” “Who knows what may not happen before that?” thought the miller’s daughter; and besides, she saw no other way out of it, so she promised the manikin what he demanded, and he set to work once more and spun the straw into gold.
When the King came in the morning, and found everything as he had desired, he straightway made her his wife, and the miller’s daughter became a queen.
When a year had passed a beautiful son was born to her, and she thought no more of the little man, till all of a sudden one day he stepped into her room and said: “Now give me what you promised.” The Queen was in a great state, and offered the little man all the riches in her kingdom if he would only leave her the child.
But the manikin said: “No, a living creature is dearer to me than all the treasures in the world.” Then the Queen began to cry and sob so bitterly that the little man was sorry for her, and said: “I’ll give you three days to guess my name, and if you find it out in that time you may keep your child.”
Then the Queen pondered the whole night over all the names she had ever heard, and sent a messenger to scour the land, and to pick up far and near any names he could come across.
When the little man arrived on the following day she began with Kasper, Melchior, Belshazzar, and all the other names she knew, in a string, but at each one the manikin called out: “That’s not my name.” The next day she sent to inquire the names of all the people in the neighborhood, and had a long list of the most uncommon and extraordinary for the little man when he made his appearance.

The fat duck yonder speaks evil of every one, and that is against our principles; if we have nothing good to tell, we close our beaks.
The Portuguese is the only one who has had any education and with whom we can associate, but she is passionate and talks too much about Portugal."
"I wonder what those two Chinese are whispering about," whispered one duck to another.
"They are always doing it, and it annoys me.
We never speak to them."
Now the drake came up, and he thought the little singing bird was a sparrow.
"Well, I don't understand the difference," he said; "it appears to me all the same.
He's only a plaything, and if people will have playthings, why let them, I say."
"Don't take any notice of what he says," whispered the Portuguese; "he is very well in matters of business, and with him business is first.
Now I shall lie down and have a little rest.
It is a duty we owe to ourselves, so that we shall be nice and fat when we come to be embalmed with sage and onions and apples."
So she laid herself down in the sun and winked with one eye.

Could anything be so flattering as Mrs. Ferrars's way of treating me yesterday?
So exceeding affable as she was!
You know how I dreaded the thoughts of seeing her; but the very moment I was introduced, there was such an affability in her behaviour as really should seem to say, she had quite took a fancy to me.
Now was not it so?
You saw it all; and was not you quite struck with it?"
"She was certainly very civil to you."
"Civil!
Did you see nothing but only civility?
I saw a vast deal more.
Such kindness as fell to the share of nobody but me!
No pride, no hauteur, and your sister just the same all sweetness and affability!"
Elinor wished to talk of something else, but Lucy still pressed her to own that she had reason for her happiness; and Elinor was obliged to go on.

The men, Dorothy thought, were about as old as Uncle Henry, for two of them had beards.
But the little woman was doubtless much older.
Her face was covered with wrinkles, her hair was nearly white, and she walked rather stiffly.
When these people drew near the house where Dorothy was standing in the doorway, they paused and whispered among themselves, as if afraid to come farther.
But the little old woman walked up to Dorothy, made a low bow and said, in a sweet voice:
"You are welcome, most noble Sorceress, to the land of the Munchkins.
We are so grateful to you for having killed the Wicked Witch of the East, and for setting our people free from bondage."
Dorothy listened to this speech with wonder.
What could the little woman possibly mean by calling her a sorceress, and saying she had killed the Wicked Witch of the East?
Dorothy was an innocent, harmless little girl, who had been carried by a cyclone many miles from home; and she had never killed anything in all her life.
But the little woman evidently expected her to answer; so Dorothy said, with hesitation, "You are very kind, but there must be some mistake.
I have not killed anything."
"Your house did, anyway," replied the little old woman, with a laugh, "and that is the same thing.

"I dreamed of gorgeous fleets, silken sailed and blown by perfumed winds, drifting over those depthless waters and through those spacious skies.
I gazed upon the twilight, the inscrutable silence, like a God-fearing discoverer upon a new, and vast, and dim sea, bursting upon him through forest glooms, and in the fervor of whose impassioned gaze, a millennial and poetic world arises, and man need no longer die to be happy.
"My companions naturally deserted me, for I had grown wearily grave and abstracted: and, unable to resist the allurement of my spectacles, I was constantly lost in a world, of which those companions were part, yet of which they knew nothing.
I grew cold and hard, almost morose; people seemed to me blind and unreasonable.
They did the wrong thing.
They called green, yellow; and black, white.
Young men said of a girl, 'What a lovely, simple creature!'
I looked, and there was only a glistening wisp of straw, dry and hollow.
Or they said, 'What a cold, proud beauty!'
I looked, and lo!
a Madonna, whose heart held the world.
Or they said, 'What a wild, giddy girl!'

a match might afford her a world of comfort, if she only dared take a single one out of the bundle, draw it against the wall, and warm her fingers by it.
She drew one out.
“Rischt!” how it blazed, how it burnt!
It was a warm, bright flame, like a candle, as she held her hands over it: it was a wonderful light.
It seemed really to the little maiden as though she were sitting before a large iron stove, with burnished brass feet and a brass ornament at top.
The fire burned with such blessed influence; it warmed so delightfully.
The little girl had already stretched out her feet to warm them too; but the small flame went out, the stove vanished: she had only the remains of the burnt-out match in her hand.
She rubbed another against the wall: it burned brightly, and where the light fell on the wall, there the wall became transparent like a veil, so that she could see into the room.
On the table was spread a snow-white tablecloth; upon it was a splendid porcelain service, and the roast goose was steaming famously with its stuffing of apple and dried plums.
And what was still more capital to behold was, the goose hopped down from the dish, reeled about on the floor with knife and fork in its breast, till it came up to the poor little girl; when the match went out and nothing but the thick, cold, damp wall was left behind.
She lighted another match.
Now there she was sitting under the most magnificent Christmas tree: it was still larger, and more decorated than the one which she had seen through the glass door in the rich merchant's house.

"'I bring strange food,' said Hokey Pokey.
'Let me pass in, that I may serve the mighty Dragon.'
"Then the man on horseback lowered his lance, and let him pass in, and in short space he came before the mighty Dragon.
The Dragon sat on a silver throne, with a golden knife in one hand, and a golden fork in the other.
Around him were many people, who offered him dishes of every description; but he would none of them, for he had tasted them all before; and he howled with hunger on his silver throne.
Then came forward Hokey Pokey, and said boldly, 
"'Here come I, Hokey Pokey, bringing strange food for the mighty Dragon.'
"The Dragon howled again, and waving his knife and fork, bade Hokey Pokey give the food to the attendants, that they might serve him.
"'Not so,' said Hokey Pokey.
'I must serve you myself, most mighty Dragon, else you shall not taste of my food.
Therefore put down your knife and fork, and open your mouth, and you shall see what you shall see.'
"So the Dragon, after summoning the man-with-the-thousand-crowns and the man-with-the-new-jacket to one side of his throne, and the man-to-take-away-the old-jacket and the executioner to the other, laid down his knife and fork and opened his mouth.
Hokey Pokey stepped lightly forward, and dropped the round loaf down the great red throat.

Don't mind if he spouts and flounces about a good deal, he is only playing; so you needn't be frightened."
Down dived the little fish, and Rosy waited to see what would happen; for she didn't believe such a tiny thing could really bring a whale to help her.
Presently what looked like a small island came floating through the sea; and turning round, so that its tail touched the shore, the whale said, in a roaring voice that made her jump, 
"Come aboard, little girl, and hold on tight.
I'll carry you wherever you like."
It was rather a slippery bridge, and Rosy was rather scared at this big, strange boat; but she got safely over, and held on fast; then, with a roll and a plunge, off went the whale, spouting two fountains, while his tail steered him like the rudder of a ship.
Rosy liked it, and looked down into the deep sea, where all sorts of queer and lovely things were to be seen.
Great fishes came and looked at her; dolphins played near to amuse her; the pretty nautilus sailed by in its transparent boat; and porpoises made her laugh with their rough play.
Mermaids brought her pearls and red coral to wear, sea-apples to eat, and at night sung her to sleep with their sweet lullabies.
So she had a very pleasant voyage, and ran on shore with many thanks to the good whale, who gave a splendid spout, and swam away.
Then Rosy travelled along till she came to a desert.
Hundreds of miles of hot sand, with no trees or brooks or houses.
"I never can go that way," she said; "I should starve, and soon be worn out walking in that hot sand.

The girls meantime spread the table, set the children round the fire, and fed them like so many hungry birds, laughing, talking, and trying to understand the funny broken English.
"Das ist gut!"
"Die Engel-kinder!"
cried the poor things as they ate and warmed their purple hands at the comfortable blaze.
The girls had never been called angel children before, and thought it very agreeable, especially Jo, who had been considered a 'Sancho' ever since she was born.
That was a very happy breakfast, though they didn't get any of it.
And when they went away, leaving comfort behind, I think there were not in all the city four merrier people than the hungry little girls who gave away their breakfasts and contented themselves with bread and milk on Christmas morning.
"That's loving our neighbor better than ourselves, and I like it," said Meg, as they set out their presents while their mother was upstairs collecting clothes for the poor Hummels.
Not a very splendid show, but there was a great deal of love done up in the few little bundles, and the tall vase of red roses, white chrysanthemums, and trailing vines, which stood in the middle, gave quite an elegant air to the table.
"She's coming!
Strike up, Beth!
Open the door, Amy!

It can't be.
See what the prisoner is.
These are not the hands she knew, this is not the face she knew, this is not a voice she ever heard.
No, no.
She was and He was before the slow years of the North Tower ages ago.
What is your name, my gentle angel?”
Hailing his softened tone and manner, his daughter fell upon her knees before him, with her appealing hands upon his breast.
“O, sir, at another time you shall know my name, and who my mother was, and who my father, and how I never knew their hard, hard history.
But I cannot tell you at this time, and I cannot tell you here.
All that I may tell you, here and now, is, that I pray to you to touch me and to bless me.
Kiss me, kiss me!
O my dear, my dear!”
His cold white head mingled with her radiant hair, which warmed and lighted it as though it were the light of Freedom shining on him.
“If you hear in my voice I don't know that it is so, but I hope it is if you hear in my voice any resemblance to a voice that once was sweet music in your ears, weep for it, weep for it!

I don't want him.
I will sell him to some one to stuff."
"No; his heart beats a little.
Leave him here a few days, and we will take care of him; and if he gets well, perhaps we will buy him," said Aunt Jane, who liked to nurse even a sick monkey.
The man said he was going on for a week through the towns near by, and would call and see about it when he came back.
Then he went away; and Neddy and aunty put Jocko in a nice basket, and carried him in.
The minute the door was shut and he felt safe, the sly fellow peeped out with one eye, and seeing only the kind little boy began to chatter and kick off the shawl; for he was not much hurt, only tired and hungry, and dreadfully afraid of the cruel man who beat and starved him.
Neddy was delighted, and thought it very funny, and helped his aunt take off the stiff collar and put some salve on the sore neck.
Then they got milk and cake; and when he had eaten a good dinner, Jocko curled himself up and slept till the next day.
He was quite lively in the morning; for when Aunt Jane went to call Neddy, Jocko was not in his basket, and looking round the room for him, she saw the little black thing lying on the boy's pillow, with his arm round Neddy's neck like a queer baby.
"My patience!
I can't allow that," said the old lady, and went to pull Jocko out.

At the invasion of the      English in 1807, an encounter of a no very glorious nature      took place between the British troops and the undisciplined      Danish militia.
“Kribledy, krabledy plump!” down fell somebody: it was a wooden bird, the popinjay used at the shooting-matches at Prastoe.
Now he said that there were just as many inhabitants as he had nails in his body; and he was very proud.
“Thorwaldsen lived almost next door to me.
* Plump!
Here I lie capitally.”
* Prastoe, a still smaller town than Kjoge.
Some hundred paces from it lies the manor-house Ny Soe, where Thorwaldsen, the famed sculptor, generally sojourned during his stay in Denmark, and where he called many of his immortal works into existence.
But little Tuk was no longer lying down: all at once he was on horseback.
On he went at full gallop, still galloping on and on.
A knight with a gleaming plume, and most magnificently dressed, held him before him on the horse, and thus they rode through the wood to the old town of Bordingborg, and that was a large and very lively town.
High towers rose from the castle of the king, and the brightness of many candles streamed from all the windows; within was dance and song, and King Waldemar and the young, richly-attired maids of honor danced together.
The morn now came; and as soon as the sun appeared, the whole town and the king's palace crumbled together, and one tower after the other; and at last only a single one remained standing where the castle had been before,* and the town was so small and poor, and the school boys came along with their books under their arms, and said, “2000 inhabitants!” but that was not true, for there were not so many.

So strongly and metaphysically did I conceive of my situation then, that while earnestly watching his motions, I seemed distinctly to perceive that my own individuality was now merged in a joint stock company of two; that my free will had received a mortal wound; and that another’s mistake or misfortune might plunge innocent me into unmerited disaster and death.
Therefore, I saw that here was a sort of interregnum in Providence; for its even-handed equity never could have so gross an injustice.
And yet still further pondering—while I jerked him now and then from between the whale and ship, which would threaten to jam him—still further pondering, I say, I saw that this situation of mine was the precise situation of every mortal that breathes; only, in most cases, he, one way or other, has this Siamese connexion with a plurality of other mortals.
If your banker breaks, you snap; if your apothecary by mistake sends you poison in your pills, you die.
True, you may say that, by exceeding caution, you may possibly escape these and the multitudinous other evil chances of life.
But handle Queequeg’s monkey-rope heedfully as I would, sometimes he jerked it so, that I came very near sliding overboard.
Nor could I possibly forget that, do what I would, I only had the management of one end of it.
*
*The monkey-rope is found in all whalers; but it was only in the Pequod that the monkey and his holder were ever tied together.
This improvement upon the original usage was introduced by no less a man than Stubb, in order to afford the imperilled harpooneer the strongest possible guarantee for the faithfulness and vigilance of his monkey-rope holder.
I have hinted that I would often jerk poor Queequeg from between the whale and the ship—where he would occasionally fall, from the incessant rolling and swaying of both.
But this was not the only jamming jeopardy he was exposed to.
Unappalled by the massacre made upon them during the night, the sharks now freshly and more keenly allured by the before pent blood which began to flow from the carcass—the rabid creatures swarmed round it like bees in a beehive.

"I cannot afford to lose ONE hour."
Elinor then heard Willoughby say, in a low voice to Marianne, "There are some people who cannot bear a party of pleasure.
Brandon is one of them.
He was afraid of catching cold I dare say, and invented this trick for getting out of it.
I would lay fifty guineas the letter was of his own writing."
"I have no doubt of it," replied Marianne.
"There is no persuading you to change your mind, Brandon, I know of old," said Sir John, "when once you are determined on anything.
But, however, I hope you will think better of it.
Consider, here are the two Miss Careys come over from Newton, the three Miss Dashwoods walked up from the cottage, and Mr. Willoughby got up two hours before his usual time, on purpose to go to Whitwell."
Colonel Brandon again repeated his sorrow at being the cause of disappointing the party; but at the same time declared it to be unavoidable.
"Well, then, when will you come back again?"
"I hope we shall see you at Barton," added her ladyship, "as soon as you can conveniently leave town; and we must put off the party to Whitwell till you return."

Thus was the dead hero carried to the home of Angus.
When Grania's messengers came back to her bringing not with them the body of Dermat, she was at first sore grieved.
But when she heard how the hero lay on a golden bier in the keeping of his foster-father, and would each day speak with Angus for some space, then was she content, for she knew that Angus loved Dermat as a father loveth his only son.
And Grania sent messengers to her sons to bid them come to her.
And when they were come, she welcomed them gently and kissed them.
Then with an exceeding loud and clear voice she said, 'O dear children, your father hath been slain by the will of Finn, though peace had been sworn between them.
Therefore get ye hence and avenge his death.
And that ye may have success in the battle, I will myself portion out among you your inheritance of arms, of arrows, and of sharp weapons.
Spare none that would do good to Finn, yet see ye to it that ye deal not treacherously with any man.
Hasten ye and depart.'
Then the sons of Dermat bade their mother a tender farewell, and went forth to avenge their father's death.
OUR CHILDREN 

FANNY 
I 

Fanny started off early one morning, like little Red Riding Hood, to visit her grandmother, who lives quite at the other end of the village.

It was a happy lot for children to grow up to manhood or womanhood with the Great Stone Face before their eyes, for all the features were noble, and the expression was at once grand and sweet, as if it were the glow of a vast, warm heart, that embraced all mankind in its affections, and had room for more.
It was an education only to look at it.
According to the belief of many people, the valley owed much of its fertility to this benign aspect that was continually beaming over it, illuminating the clouds, and infusing its tenderness into the sunshine.
As we began with saying, a mother and her little boy sat at their cottage-door, gazing at the Great Stone Face, and talking about it.
The child's name was Ernest.
"Mother," said he, while the Titanic visage smiled on him, "I wish that it could speak, for it looks so very kindly that its voice must needs be pleasant.
If I were to see a man with such a face, I should love him dearly."
"If an old prophecy should come to pass," answered his mother, "we may see a man, some time or other, with exactly such a face as that."
"What prophecy do you mean, dear mother?"
eagerly inquired Ernest.
"Pray tell me about it!"
So his mother told him a story that her own mother had told to her, when she herself was younger than little Ernest; a story, not of things that were past, but of what was yet to come; a story, nevertheless, so very old, that even the Indians, who formerly inhabited this valley, had heard it from their forefathers, to whom, as they affirmed, it had been murmured by the mountain streams, and whispered by the wind among the tree-tops.

I saw in her eyes that she would ask her question.
And as Titbottom opened the door, I heard the low words:
"And Preciosa?"
Titbottom paused.
He had just opened the door and the moonlight streamed over him as he stood, turning back to us.
"I have seen her but once since.
It was in church, and she was kneeling with her eyes closed, so that she did not see me.
But I rubbed the glasses well, and looked at her, and saw a white lily, whose stem was broken, but which was fresh; and luminous, and fragrant, still."
"That was a miracle," interrupted Prue.
"Madam, it was a miracle," replied Titbottom, "and for that one sight I am devoutly grateful for my grandfather's gift.
I saw, that although a flower may have lost its hold upon earthly moisture, it may still bloom as sweetly, fed by the dews of heaven."
The door closed, and he was gone.
But as Prue put her arm in mine and we went upstairs together, she whispered in my ear:
"How glad I am that you don't wear spectacles."

Throw yourselves!
Legs!
legs!
ICELAND SAILOR.
I don’t like your floor, maty; it’s too springy to my taste.
I’m used to ice-floors.
I’m sorry to throw cold water on the subject; but excuse me.
MALTESE SAILOR.
Me too; where’s your girls?
Who but a fool would take his left hand by his right, and say to himself, how d’ye do?
Partners!
I must have partners!

The girl had plotted with her lover, the state prisoner, Cornelius van Baerle, and had stolen his Boxtel's black tulip, which he had unwisely mentioned.
However, he had recovered it.
A thought struck Rosa.
"There were three bulbs.
What has become of the others?"
she asked.
"One failed, the second produced the black tulip, and the third is at home at Dordrecht," said Boxtel uneasily.
"You lie; it is here!"
cried Rosa.
And she drew from her bosom the third bulb, still wrapped in the same paper Van Baerle had so hastily put round the bulbs on his flight.
"Take it, my lord," she said, handing it to the prince.
And then, glancing at the paper for the first time, she added, "Oh, my lord, read this!"

Then, after a six months’ silence, Evgenie Pavlovitch informed his correspondent, in a long letter, full of detail, that while paying his last visit to Dr. Schneider’s establishment, he had there come across the whole Epanchin family (excepting the general, who had remained in St. Petersburg) and Prince S. The meeting was a strange one.
They all received Evgenie Pavlovitch with effusive delight; Adelaida and Alexandra were deeply grateful to him for his “angelic kindness to the unhappy prince.”
Lizabetha Prokofievna, when she saw poor Muishkin, in his enfeebled and humiliated condition, had wept bitterly.
Apparently all was forgiven him.
Prince S. had made a few just and sensible remarks.
It seemed to Evgenie Pavlovitch that there was not yet perfect harmony between Adelaida and her fiance, but he thought that in time the impulsive young girl would let herself be guided by his reason and experience.
Besides, the recent events that had befallen her family had given Adelaida much to think about, especially the sad experiences of her younger sister.
Within six months, everything that the family had dreaded from the marriage with the Polish count had come to pass.
He turned out to be neither count nor exile at least, in the political sense of the word but had had to leave his native land owing to some rather dubious affair of the past.
It was his noble patriotism, of which he made a great display, that had rendered him so interesting in Aglaya’s eyes.
She was so fascinated that, even before marrying him, she joined a committee that had been organized abroad to work for the restoration of Poland; and further, she visited the confessional of a celebrated Jesuit priest, who made an absolute fanatic of her.
The supposed fortune of the count had dwindled to a mere nothing, although he had given almost irrefutable evidence of its existence to Lizabetha Prokofievna and Prince S.
Besides this, before they had been married half a year, the count and his friend the priest managed to bring about a quarrel between Aglaya and her family, so that it was now several months since they had seen her.
In a word, there was a great deal to say; but Mrs. Epanchin, and her daughters, and even Prince S., were still so much distressed by Aglaya’s latest infatuations and adventures, that they did not care to talk of them, though they must have known that Evgenie knew much of the story already.

But, imbued from her childhood with a brooding sense of wrong, and an inveterate hatred of a class, opportunity had developed her into a tigress.
She was absolutely without pity.
If she had ever had the virtue in her, it had quite gone out of her.
It was nothing to her, that an innocent man was to die for the sins of his forefathers; she saw, not him, but them.
It was nothing to her, that his wife was to be made a widow and his daughter an orphan; that was insufficient punishment, because they were her natural enemies and her prey, and as such had no right to live.
To appeal to her, was made hopeless by her having no sense of pity, even for herself.
If she had been laid low in the streets, in any of the many encounters in which she had been engaged, she would not have pitied herself; nor, if she had been ordered to the axe to-morrow, would she have gone to it with any softer feeling than a fierce desire to change places with the man who sent her there.
Such a heart Madame Defarge carried under her rough robe.
Carelessly worn, it was a becoming robe enough, in a certain weird way, and her dark hair looked rich under her coarse red cap.
Lying hidden in her bosom, was a loaded pistol.
Lying hidden at her waist, was a sharpened dagger.
Thus accoutred, and walking with the confident tread of such a character, and with the supple freedom of a woman who had habitually walked in her girlhood, bare-foot and bare-legged, on the brown sea-sand, Madame Defarge took her way along the streets.

"Your poor mother, too!
doting on Marianne."
"But the letter, Mr. Willoughby, your own letter; have you any thing to say about that?"
"Yes, yes, THAT in particular.
Your sister wrote to me again, you know, the very next morning.
You saw what she said.
I was breakfasting at the Ellisons, and her letter, with some others, was brought to me there from my lodgings.
It happened to catch Sophia's eye before it caught mine and its size, the elegance of the paper, the hand-writing altogether, immediately gave her a suspicion.
Some vague report had reached her before of my attachment to some young lady in Devonshire, and what had passed within her observation the preceding evening had marked who the young lady was, and made her more jealous than ever.
Affecting that air of playfulness, therefore, which is delightful in a woman one loves, she opened the letter directly, and read its contents.
She was well paid for her impudence.
She read what made her wretched.

It behooves you, fellow-countrymen, to consider in what aspect we shall stand before the world, and what will be the verdict of impartial history, should we suffer these accumulated outrages to go unavenged.
"Antaeus was our brother, born of that same beloved parent to whom we owe the thews and sinews, as well as the courageous hearts, which made him proud of our relationship.
He was our faithful ally, and fell fighting as much for our national rights and immunities as for his own personal ones.
We and our forefathers have dwelt in friendship with him, and held affectionate intercourse as man to man, through immemorial generations.
You remember how often our entire people have reposed in his great shadow, and how our little ones have played at hide-and-seek in the tangles of his hair, and how his mighty footsteps have familiarly gone to and fro among us, and never trodden upon any of our toes.
And there lies this dear brother this sweet and amiable friend this brave and faithful ally -this virtuous Giant this blameless and excellent Antaeus dead!
Dead!
Silent!
Powerless!
A mere mountain of clay!
Forgive my tears!
Nay, I behold your own.

But alas!
no sign was there of one of them.
Then to the highest summit of the rocks she flew.
North, south, east, and west did she look, yet nought saw she save a watery wilderness.
Now did her heart fail her, and she sang the saddest song she had yet sung.
As the last notes died Finola raised her eyes, and lo!
Conn came slowly swimming towards her with drenched plumage and head that drooped.
And as she looked, behold!
Fiacra appeared, but it was as though his strength failed.
Then did Finola swim toward her fainting brother and lend him her aid, and soon the twins were safe on the sunlit rock, nestling for warmth beneath their sister's wings.
Yet Finola's heart still beat with alarm as she sheltered her younger brothers, for Aed came not, and she feared lest he were lost for ever.
But, at noon, sailing he came over the breast of the blue waters, with head erect and plumage sunlit.

‘You had better take him home,’ said the ‘Stute Fish to the Whale.
‘I ought to have warned you that he is a man of infinite-resource-and-sagacity.’
So the Whale swam and swam and swam, with both flippers and his tail, as hard as he could for the hiccoughs; and at last he saw the Mariner’s natal-shore and the white-cliffs-of-Albion, and he rushed half-way up the beach, and opened his mouth wide and wide and wide, and said, ‘Change here for Winchester, Ashuelot, Nashua, Keene, and stations on the Fitchburg Road;’ and just as he said ‘Fitch’ the Mariner walked out of his mouth.
But while the Whale had been swimming, the Mariner, who was indeed a person of infinite-resource-and-sagacity, had taken his jack-knife and cut up the raft into a little square grating all running criss-cross, and he had tied it firm with his suspenders (now, you know why you were not to forget the suspenders!
), and he dragged that grating good and tight into the Whale’s throat, and there it stuck!
Then he recited the following Sloka, which, as you have not heard it, I will now proceed to relate 
  By means of a grating   I have stopped your ating.
For the Mariner he was also an Hi-ber-ni-an.
And he stepped out on the shingle, and went home to his mother, who had given him leave to trail his toes in the water; and he married and lived happily ever afterward.
So did the Whale.
But from that day on, the grating in his throat, which he could neither cough up nor swallow down, prevented him eating anything except very, very small fish; and that is the reason why whales nowadays never eat men or boys or little girls.
The small ‘Stute Fish went and hid himself in the mud under the Door-sills of the Equator.
He was afraid that the Whale might be angry with him.
The Sailor took the jack-knife home.

My master has forgotten what services I have performed for him for so many years, and because I can no longer plough well, he will give me no more food, and has driven me out.” “Without giving thee a chance?” asked the fox.
“The chance was a bad one.
He said, if I were still strong enough to bring him a lion, he would keep me, but he well knows that I cannot do that.”
The fox said, “I will help thee, just lay thyself down, stretch thyself out, as if thou wert dead, and do not stir.” The horse did as the fox desired, and the fox went to the lion, who had his den not far off, and said, “A dead horse is lying outside there, just come with me, thou canst have a rich meal.” The lion went with him, and when they were both standing by the horse the fox said, “After all, it is not very comfortable for thee here I tell thee what I will fasten it to thee by the tail, and then thou canst drag it into thy cave, and devour it in peace.”
This advice pleased the lion: he lay down, and in order that the fox might tie the horse fast to him, he kept quite quiet.
But the fox tied the lion’s legs together with the horse’s tail, and twisted and fastened all so well and so strongly that no strength could break it.
When he had finished his work, he tapped the horse on the shoulder and said, “Pull, white horse, pull.” Then up sprang the horse at once, and drew the lion away with him.
The lion began to roar so that all the birds in the forest flew out in terror, but the horse let him roar, and drew him and dragged him over the country to his master’s door.
When the master saw the lion, he was of a better mind, and said to the horse, “Thou shalt stay with me and fare well,” and he gave him plenty to eat until he died.
133 The Shoes That Were Danced to Pieces 
There was once upon a time a King who had twelve daughters, each one more beautiful than the other.
They all slept together in one chamber, in which their beds stood side by side, and every night when they were in them the King locked the door, and bolted it.
But in the morning when he unlocked the door, he saw that their shoes were worn out with dancing, and no one could find out how that had come to pass.
Then the King caused it to be proclaimed that whosoever could discover where they danced at night, should choose one of them for his wife and be King after his death, but that whosoever came forward and had not discovered it within three days and nights, should have forfeited his life.
It was not long before a King’s son presented himself, and offered to undertake the enterprise.

The prince was almost mad with joy when he heard these words, and was so desirous of seeing the beautiful princess, that he immediately spoke to the ring, and the house with its fair occupant descended in the midst of the palace garden.
He at once entered the building, and telling the beautiful princess of his intense love, entreated her to be his wife.
Seeing no escape from the difficulty, she consented on the condition that he would wait one month for her.
Meanwhile the merchant's son had returned from hunting and was terribly distressed not to find his house and wife.
There was the place only, just as he knew it before he had tried the charmed ring which Raja Indrasha had given him.
He sat down and determined to put an end to himself.
Presently the cat and dog came up.
They had gone away and hidden themselves, when they saw the house and everything disappear.
"O master!"
they said, "stay your hand.
Your trial is great, but it can be remedied.
Give us one month, and we will go and try to recover your wife and house."

but I was just thinking, suppose you should be the Yellow Dwarf, wouldn't it be awful?"
"Probably it would.
He was a pretty bad sort of fellow, was he, Snow-white?
I it's a good while since I heard anything about him, you see."
"Oh, he was just puffickly frightful!
He Do you want me to tell you the story, dwarf?"
Yes, the dwarf wanted that very much indeed.
"Well, then, if I tell you that, you must tell me one about some dwarfs what you knew.
I suppose you knew lots and lots of them, didn't you?
Was they different colours?
was they blue and green and red?
what made you turn brown when you was green?

The Deck Towards the End of the First Night Watch.
Ahab standing by the helm.
Starbuck approaching him.
“We must send down the main-top-sail yard, sir.
The band is working loose and the lee lift is half-stranded.
Shall I strike it, sir?”
“Strike nothing; lash it.
If I had sky-sail poles, I’d sway them up now.”
“Sir!—in God’s name!—sir?”
“Well.”
“The anchors are working, sir.
Shall I get them inboard?”
“Strike nothing, and stir nothing, but lash everything.
The wind rises, but it has not got up to my table-lands yet.
Quick, and see to it.—By masts and keels!
he takes me for the hunch-backed skipper of some coasting smack.
Send down my main-top-sail yard!

"There they are," said the young prince, pointing to his six brothers-in-law.
The King and every one else in the court-house were very much astonished, and would not believe the young prince.
"Take off their coats," he said, "and then you will see for yourselves that each of them has the mark of a thief on his back."
So their coats were taken off the six princes, and the King and everybody in the court-house saw the mark of the red-hot pice.
The six princes were very much ashamed, but the young prince was very glad.
He had not forgotten how his brothers-in-law had laughed at him and mocked him when he seemed a poor, common man.
Now, when Katar was still in the jungle, before the prince was married, he had told the boy the whole story of his birth, and all that had happened to him and his mother.
"When you are married," he said to him, "I will take you back to your father's country."
So two months after the young prince had revenged himself on his brothers-in-law, Katar said to him, "It is time for you to return to your father.
Get the King to let you go to your own country, and I will tell you what to do when we get there."
The prince always did what his horse told him to do; so he went to his wife and said to her, "I wish very much to go to my own country to see my father and mother."
"Very well," said his wife; "I will tell my father and mother, and ask them to let us go."

I don’t understand your language,” said Mary.
“Eh!
I forgot,” Martha said.
“Mrs.
Medlock told me I’d have to be careful or you wouldn’t know what I was sayin’.
I mean can’t you put on your own clothes?”
“No,” answered Mary, quite indignantly.
“I never did in my life.
My Ayah dressed me, of course.”
“Well,” said Martha, evidently not in the least aware that she was impudent, “it’s time tha’ should learn.
Tha’ cannot begin younger.
It’ll do thee good to wait on thysen a bit.
My mother always said she couldn’t see why grand people’s children didn’t turn out fair fools—what with nurses an’ bein’ washed an’ dressed an’ took out to walk as if they was puppies!”
“It is different in India,” said Mistress Mary disdainfully.
She could scarcely stand this.

“Now, I tell you where it is!” said Mr. Cruncher to his wife, on entering.
“If, as a honest tradesman, my wenturs goes wrong to-night, I shall make sure that you've been praying again me, and I shall work you for it just the same as if I seen you do it.”
The dejected Mrs. Cruncher shook her head.
“Why, you're at it afore my face!” said Mr. Cruncher, with signs of angry apprehension.
“I am saying nothing.”
“Well, then; don't meditate nothing.
You might as well flop as meditate.
You may as well go again me one way as another.
Drop it altogether.”
“Yes, Jerry.”
“Yes, Jerry,” repeated Mr. Cruncher sitting down to tea.
“Ah!
It is yes, Jerry.
That's about it.
You may say yes, Jerry.”
Mr. Cruncher had no particular meaning in these sulky corroborations, but made use of them, as people not unfrequently do, to express general ironical dissatisfaction.
“You and your yes, Jerry,” said Mr. Cruncher, taking a bite out of his bread-and-butter, and seeming to help it down with a large invisible oyster out of his saucer.

"That will do for to-day," said he, and stretched himself out to go to sleep.
As soon as he began to snore, Jack crept out of the oven, went on tiptoe to the table, and, snatching up the little brown hen, made a dash for the door.
Then the hen began to cackle, and the giant began to wake up; but before he was quite awake, Jack had escaped from the castle, and, climbing as fast as he could down the beanstalk, got safe home to his mother's cottage.
The little brown hen laid so many golden eggs that Jack and his mother had now more money than they could spend.
But Jack was always thinking about the beanstalk; and one day he crept out of the window again, and climbed up, and up, and up, and up, until he reached the top.
This time, you may be sure, he was careful not to be seen; so he crept round to the back of the castle, and when the giant's wife went out he slipped into the kitchen and hid himself in the oven.
In came the giant, roaring louder than ever:
  "Fee, fi, fo, fum,   I smell the blood of an Englishman;   Be he alive; or be he dead,   I'll grind his bones to make my bread!"
But the giantess was quite sure that she had seen no little boys that morning; and after grumbling a great deal, the giant sat down to breakfast.
Even then he was not quite satisfied, for every now and again he would say:
  "Fee, fi, fo, fum,   I smell the blood of an Englishman;"
and once he got up and looked in the kettle.
But, of course, Jack was in the oven all the time!
When the giant had finished, he called out: "Wife, bring me the golden harp!"
So she brought in the golden harp, and placed it on the table.

I must try to kill him if I can, for if I do not he will certainly catch and kill me some day."
He therefore answered: "Thank you, my dear little house.
I like to hear your pretty voice.
I am coming in in a minute, but first I must collect firewood to cook my dinner."
And he ran as fast as he could, and dragged all the dry branches and bits of stick he could find close up to the mouth of the den.
Meantime, the Alligator inside kept as quiet as a mouse, but he could not help laughing a little to himself as he thought: "So I have deceived this tiresome little Jackal at last.
In a few minutes he will run in here, and then won't I snap him up!"
When the Jackal had gathered together all the sticks he could find and put them round the mouth of his den, he set them on fire and pushed them as far into it as possible.
There was such a quantity of them that they soon blazed up into a great fire, and the smoke and flames filled the den and smothered the wicked old Alligator and burned him to death, while the little Jackal ran up and down outside dancing for joy and singing:
"How do you like my house, my friend?
Is it nice and warm?
Ding-dong!
ding-dong!

Catherine thought she must use her new things, and as she had no lack in the kitchen already without these, she knocked the bottom out of every pot, and set them all as ornaments on the paling which went round about the house.
When Frederick came and saw the new decorations, he said, “Catherine, what have you been about?” “I have bought them, Frederick, for the counters which were under the cow’s manger.
I did not go there myself, the pedlars had to dig them out for themselves.” “Ah, wife,” said Frederick, “what have you done?
Those were not counters, but pure gold, and all our wealth; you should not have done that.” “Indeed, Frederick,” said she, “I did not know that, you should have forewarned me.”
Catherine stood for a while and bethought to herself; then she said, “Listen, Frederick, we will soon get the gold back again, we will run after the thieves.” “Come, then,” said Frederick, “we will try it; but take with you some butter and cheese that we may have something to eat on the way.” “Yes, Frederick, I will take them.” They set out, and as Frederick was the better walker, Catherine followed him.
“It is to my advantage,” thought she, “when we turn back I shall be a little way in advance.” Then she came to a hill where there were deep ruts on both sides of the road.
“There one can see,” said Catherine, “how they have torn and skinned and galled the poor earth, it will never be whole again as long as it lives,” and in her heart’s compassion she took her butter and smeared the ruts right and left, that they might not be so hurt by the wheels, and as she was thus bending down in her charity, one of the cheeses rolled out of her pocket down the hill.
Said Catherine, “I have made my way once up here, I will not go down again; another may run and fetch it back.” So she took another cheese and rolled it down.
But the cheeses did not come back, so she let a third run down, thinking.
“Perhaps they are waiting for company, and do not like to walk alone.” As all three stayed away she said, “I do not know what that can mean, but it may perhaps be that the third has not found the way, and has gone wrong, I will just send the fourth to call it.”
But the fourth did no better than the third.
Then Catherine was angry, and threw down the fifth and sixth as well, and these were her last.
She remained standing for some time watching for their coming, but when they still did not come, she said, “Oh, you are good folks to send in search of death, you stay a fine long time away!
Do you think I will wait any longer for you?

If you ever need a skin for your drum, remember me.”
He swam on and on.
After a while, he turned around again and called louder than before:
“Good-by, Master.
If you ever need a piece of good dry firewood, remember me.”
In a few seconds he had gone so far he could hardly be seen.
All that could be seen of him was a very small black dot moving swiftly on the blue surface of the water, a little black dot which now and then lifted a leg or an arm in the air.
One would have thought that Pinocchio had turned into a porpoise playing in the sun.
After swimming for a long time, Pinocchio saw a large rock in the middle of the sea, a rock as white as marble.
High on the rock stood a little Goat bleating and calling and beckoning to the Marionette to come to her.
There was something very strange about that little Goat.
Her coat was not white or black or brown as that of any other goat, but azure, a deep brilliant color that reminded one of the hair of the lovely maiden.
Pinocchio’s heart beat fast, and then faster and faster.
He redoubled his efforts and swam as hard as he could toward the white rock.
He was almost halfway over, when suddenly a horrible sea monster stuck its head out of the water, an enormous head with a huge mouth, wide open, showing three rows of gleaming teeth, the mere sight of which would have filled you with fear.

The foolish woman parted with her treasure, not knowing that it was a pearl of great value, and returned home laden with good things.
The Bunniah chuckled with delight.
He was crafty, like all Bunniahs, and, you may depend, never kept his promise: such was the foolishness of the woman, and such the cunning and greed of the man.
THE BUNNIAH'S GHOST 
Far away in a valley in the Himalayan mountains lies a little village, where once lived a good man who had his home beside a field in which grew a beautiful mulberry tree so big and so beautiful that it was the wonder of the country round.
Hundreds of people were wont to gather together beneath it, and the poor carried away basket loads of its fruit.
Thus it became a meeting place where a mela, or fair, was held when the fruit season was on.
Now the fame of it reached a certain Rajah who had rented out the land, and one day he came with all his retinue to see it.
"There is no such tree in the Royal Gardens," said the Grand Vizier.
"It is not meet that a subject should possess what the Rajah hath not,"
added the Prime Minister.
The Rajah replied not a word, for his heart was filled with envy; and that night, before going to bed, he gave orders that, on a certain day, in the early dawn, before anybody was astir, a party of armed men should take their axes to the village, and fell the mulberry tree even with the ground.
But ill dreams disturbed the Rajah's rest, and he could not sleep.
Could it be fancy, or did he really see a strange man standing before him?

asked Demi, with his mouth full, and an air of bland satisfaction.
"You precocious chick!
Who put that into your head?"
said Jo, enjoying the innocent revelation as much as the Professor.
"'Tisn't in mine head, it's in mine mouf," answered literal Demi, putting out his tongue, with a chocolate drop on it, thinking she alluded to confectionery, not ideas.
"Thou shouldst save some for the little friend.
Sweets to the sweet, mannling," and Mr. Bhaer offered Jo some, with a look that made her wonder if chocolate was not the nectar drunk by the gods.
Demi also saw the smile, was impressed by it, and artlessy inquired.
..
"Do great boys like great girls, to, 'Fessor?"
Like young Washington, Mr. Bhaer 'couldn't tell a lie', so he gave the somewhat vague reply that he believed they did sometimes, in a tone that made Mr. March put down his clothesbrush, glance at Jo's retiring face, and then sink into his chair, looking as if the 'precocious chick' had put an idea into his head that was both sweet and sour.
Why Dodo, when she caught him in the china closet half an hour afterward, nearly squeezed the breath out of his little body with a tender embrace, instead of shaking him for being there, and why she followed up this novel performance by the unexpected gift of a big slice of bread and jelly, remained one of the problems over which Demi puzzled his small wits, and was forced to leave unsolved forever.
CHAPTER FORTY-SIX 
UNDER THE UMBRELLA 
While Laurie and Amy were taking conjugal strolls over velvet carpets, as they set their house in order, and planned a blissful future, Mr.
Bhaer and Jo were enjoying promenades of a different sort, along muddy roads and sodden fields.

"Not one of us could have done better than you did, Uncle Henry," Ozma consoled him.
"Instead of regretting your trip," she added wisely, "let us instead be grateful that there is no longer any need for us to concern ourselves with what the Great Book of Records has to say about the Mimics."
Glinda announced that she must return to her Castle in the Quadling Country, from which she had been absent too long.
Bidding good-bye to all her friends, the Great Sorceress was transported in the twinkling of an eye by her magic art to her far-away Castle.
With Glinda's departure the rest of Ozma's guests began to take their leave, until finally the Girl Ruler was alone with only Dorothy and Ozana.
Ozma had noticed that throughout the merry luncheon, Ozana had appeared quiet and subdued, as though she were deeply occupied with thoughts of her own.
"Tell me," Ozma said gently, taking Princess Ozana's hand in her own, "is there something troubling you, my dear?"
With a smile, Ozana replied, "Yes, Ozma, there is.
Truthfully, I dread returning to lonely Mount Illuso.
In the short time I have been privileged to enjoy the companionship of Dorothy and the Wizard, and the society of the Oz people here in the Emerald City, I have come to realize more than ever what a terribly lonely life I lead on Mount Illuso.
And," she added, gazing affectionately at Dorothy, "I have become very fond of little Dorothy.
I shall be very sorry indeed to leave her and all the rest of you for that forsaken mountain top."

For a long time it was uncertain which of the two would gain the victory; at length the stag thrust his horns into his adversary’s body, whereupon the bull fell to the earth with a terrific roar, and was thoroughly despatched by a few strokes from the stag.
The tailor, who had watched the fight with astonishment, was still standing there motionless, when the stag in full career bounded up to him, and before he could escape, caught him up on his great horns.
He had not much time to collect his thoughts, for it went in a swift race over stock and stone, mountain and valley, wood and meadow.
He held with both hands to the tops of the horns, and resigned himself to his fate.
It seemed, however, to him just as if he were flying away.
At length the stag stopped in front of a wall of rock, and gently let the tailor down.
The tailor, more dead than alive, required a longer time than that to come to himself.
When he had in some degree recovered, the stag, which had remained standing by him, pushed its horns with such force against a door which was in the rock, that it sprang open.
Flames of fire shot forth, after which followed a great smoke, which hid the stag from his sight.
The tailor did not know what to do, or whither to turn, in order to get out of this desert and back to human beings again.
Whilst he was standing thus undecided, a voice sounded out of the rock, which cried to him, “Enter without fear, no evil shall befall you thee.” He hesitated, but driven by a mysterious force, he obeyed the voice and went through the iron-door into a large spacious hall, whose ceiling, walls and floor were made of shining polished square stones, on each of which were cut letters which were unknown to him.
He looked at everything full of admiration, and was on the point of going out again, when he once more heard the voice which said to him, “Step on the stone which lies in the middle of the hall, and great good fortune awaits thee.”
His courage had already grown so great that he obeyed the order.

The king agreed; and Gangazara left the city that very day on his way home.
It so happened that unwittingly he took a wrong road, and had to pass near a sea-coast.
His elder brother was also on his way up to Benares by that very same route.
They met and recognised each other, even at a distance.
They flew into each other's arms.
Both remained still for a time almost unconscious with joy.
The pleasure of Gangazara was so great that he died of joy.
The elder brother was a devout worshipper of Ganesa.
That was a Friday, a day very sacred to that god.
The elder brother took the corpse to the nearest Ganesa temple and called upon him.
The god came, and asked him what he wanted.
"My poor brother is dead and gone; and this is his corpse.

"Want some grub?"
asked the man, seeing the hungry look.
"I just do!
We left our lunch, and I've only had two little trout and some old berries since breakfast," answered Billy, with tears in his eyes and a hand on his stomach.
"Eat away then; I'm done, and don't want the stuff."
And the man took up his paper as if glad to be let alone.
It was lucky that the dog had been fed, for in ten minutes nothing was left but the napkin; and the boys sat picking up the crumbs, much refreshed, but ready for more.
"Better be going home, my lads; it's pretty cold on the mountain after sunset, and you are a long way from town," said the man, who had peeped at them over his paper now and then, and saw, in spite of the dirt and rips, that they were not farmer boys.
"We don't live in town; we are at Mullin's, in the valley.
No hurry; we know the way, and we want to have some sport first.
You seem to have done well," answered Tommy, looking enviously from the gun to the game-bag, out of which hung a rabbit's head and a squirrel's tail.
"Pretty fair; but I want a shot at the bear.

Ten blue tickets equalled a red one, and could be exchanged for it; ten red tickets equalled a yellow one; for ten yellow tickets the superintendent gave a very plainly bound Bible (worth forty cents in those easy times) to the pupil.
How many of my readers would have the industry and application to memorize two thousand verses, even for a Dore Bible?
And yet Mary had acquired two Bibles in this way it was the patient work of two years and a boy of German parentage had won four or five.
He once recited three thousand verses without stopping; but the strain upon his mental faculties was too great, and he was little better than an idiot from that day forth a grievous misfortune for the school, for on great occasions, before company, the superintendent (as Tom expressed it)
had always made this boy come out and “spread himself.” Only the older pupils managed to keep their tickets and stick to their tedious work long enough to get a Bible, and so the delivery of one of these prizes was a rare and noteworthy circumstance; the successful pupil was so great and conspicuous for that day that on the spot every scholar's heart was fired with a fresh ambition that often lasted a couple of weeks.
It is possible that Tom's mental stomach had never really hungered for one of those prizes, but unquestionably his entire being had for many a day longed for the glory and the eclat that came with it.
In due course the superintendent stood up in front of the pulpit, with a closed hymn-book in his hand and his forefinger inserted between its leaves, and commanded attention.
When a Sunday-school superintendent makes his customary little speech, a hymn-book in the hand is as necessary as is the inevitable sheet of music in the hand of a singer who stands forward on the platform and sings a solo at a concert though why, is a mystery: for neither the hymn-book nor the sheet of music is ever referred to by the sufferer.
This superintendent was a slim creature of thirty-five, with a sandy goatee and short sandy hair; he wore a stiff standing-collar whose upper edge almost reached his ears and whose sharp points curved forward abreast the corners of his mouth a fence that compelled a straight lookout ahead, and a turning of the whole body when a side view was required; his chin was propped on a spreading cravat which was as broad and as long as a bank-note, and had fringed ends; his boot toes were turned sharply up, in the fashion of the day, like sleigh-runners an effect patiently and laboriously produced by the young men by sitting with their toes pressed against a wall for hours together.
Mr. Walters was very earnest of mien, and very sincere and honest at heart; and he held sacred things and places in such reverence, and so separated them from worldly matters, that unconsciously to himself his Sunday-school voice had acquired a peculiar intonation which was wholly absent on week-days.
He began after this fashion:
“Now, children, I want you all to sit up just as straight and pretty as you can and give me all your attention for a minute or two.
There that is it.
That is the way good little boys and girls should do.

“Ah yes, many girls hear it when they are sleeping, but I was the only one who heard it awake.”
“Lucky you,” said Jane.
And then one night came the tragedy.
It was the spring of the year, and the story had been told for the night, and Jane was now asleep in her bed.
Wendy was sitting on the floor, very close to the fire, so as to see to darn, for there was no other light in the nursery; and while she sat darning she heard a crow.
Then the window blew open as of old, and Peter dropped in on the floor.
He was exactly the same as ever, and Wendy saw at once that he still had all his first teeth.
He was a little boy, and she was grown up.
She huddled by the fire not daring to move, helpless and guilty, a big woman.
“Hullo, Wendy,” he said, not noticing any difference, for he was thinking chiefly of himself; and in the dim light her white dress might have been the nightgown in which he had seen her first.
“Hullo, Peter,” she replied faintly, squeezing herself as small as possible.
Something inside her was crying “Woman, Woman, let go of me.”
“Hullo, where is John?” he asked, suddenly missing the third bed.
“John is not here now,” she gasped.

And when they looked round they found that they had been sleeping quite close to a precipice, and would certainly have fallen into it in the darkness if they had gone only a few paces further.
And their mother told them that it must have been the angel who watches over good children.
Snow-white and Rose-red kept their mother’s little cottage so neat that it was a pleasure to look inside it.
In the summer Rose-red took care of the house, and every morning laid a wreath of flowers by her mother’s bed before she awoke, in which was a rose from each tree.
In the winter Snow-white lit the fire and hung the kettle on the wrekin.
The kettle was of copper and shone like gold, so brightly was it polished.
In the evening, when the snowflakes fell, the mother said, “Go, Snow-white, and bolt the door,” and then they sat round the hearth, and the mother took her spectacles and read aloud out of a large book, and the two girls listened as they sat and span.
And close by them lay a lamb upon the floor, and behind them upon a perch sat a white dove with its head hidden beneath its wings.
One evening, as they were thus sitting comfortably together, some one knocked at the door as if he wished to be let in.
The mother said, “Quick, Rose-red, open the door, it must be a traveller who is seeking shelter.” Rose-red went and pushed back the bolt, thinking that it was a poor man, but it was not; it was a bear that stretched his broad, black head within the door.
Rose-red screamed and sprang back, the lamb bleated, the dove fluttered, and Snow-white hid herself behind her mother’s bed.
But the bear began to speak and said, “Do not be afraid, I will do you no harm!

“It must be forty feet high,” said they, grimly; and never moved.
The rider from the chateau, and the horse in a foam, clattered away through the village, and galloped up the stony steep, to the prison on the crag.
At the gate, a group of officers were looking at the fire; removed from them, a group of soldiers.
“Help, gentlemen officers!
The chateau is on fire; valuable objects may be saved from the flames by timely aid!
Help, help!” The officers looked towards the soldiers who looked at the fire; gave no orders; and answered, with shrugs and biting of lips, “It must burn.”
As the rider rattled down the hill again and through the street, the village was illuminating.
The mender of roads, and the two hundred and fifty particular friends, inspired as one man and woman by the idea of lighting up, had darted into their houses, and were putting candles in every dull little pane of glass.
The general scarcity of everything, occasioned candles to be borrowed in a rather peremptory manner of Monsieur Gabelle; and in a moment of reluctance and hesitation on that functionary's part, the mender of roads, once so submissive to authority, had remarked that carriages were good to make bonfires with, and that post-horses would roast.
The chateau was left to itself to flame and burn.
In the roaring and raging of the conflagration, a red-hot wind, driving straight from the infernal regions, seemed to be blowing the edifice away.
With the rising and falling of the blaze, the stone faces showed as if they were in torment.
When great masses of stone and timber fell, the face with the two dints in the nose became obscured: anon struggled out of the smoke again, as if it were the face of the cruel Marquis, burning at the stake and contending with the fire.

That direful mishap was at the bottom of his temporary recluseness.
And not only this, but to that ever-contracting, dropping circle ashore, who, for any reason, possessed the privilege of a less banned approach to him; to that timid circle the above hinted casualty—remaining, as it did, moodily unaccounted for by Ahab—invested itself with terrors, not entirely underived from the land of spirits and of wails.
So that, through their zeal for him, they had all conspired, so far as in them lay, to muffle up the knowledge of this thing from others; and hence it was, that not till a considerable interval had elapsed, did it transpire upon the Pequod’s decks.
But be all this as it may; let the unseen, ambiguous synod in the air, or the vindictive princes and potentates of fire, have to do or not with earthly Ahab, yet, in this present matter of his leg, he took plain practical procedures;—he called the carpenter.
And when that functionary appeared before him, he bade him without delay set about making a new leg, and directed the mates to see him supplied with all the studs and joists of jaw-ivory (Sperm Whale) which had thus far been accumulated on the voyage, in order that a careful selection of the stoutest, clearest-grained stuff might be secured.
This done, the carpenter received orders to have the leg completed that night; and to provide all the fittings for it, independent of those pertaining to the distrusted one in use.
Moreover, the ship’s forge was ordered to be hoisted out of its temporary idleness in the hold; and, to accelerate the affair, the blacksmith was commanded to proceed at once to the forging of whatever iron contrivances might be needed.
CHAPTER 107.
The Carpenter.
Seat thyself sultanically among the moons of Saturn, and take high abstracted man alone; and he seems a wonder, a grandeur, and a woe.
But from the same point, take mankind in mass, and for the most part, they seem a mob of unnecessary duplicates, both contemporary and hereditary.
But most humble though he was, and far from furnishing an example of the high, humane abstraction; the Pequod’s carpenter was no duplicate; hence, he now comes in person on this stage.

Well, they chattered and talked about many things; and they told Halvor about this thing and that; and so he asked them if they had never had any children.
Yes, yes, they had once a lad whose name was Halvor, but they didn't know whither he had wandered; they couldn't even tell whether he were dead or alive.
"Couldn't it be me, now?"
said Halvor.
"Let me see; I could tell him well enough," said the old wife, and rose up.
"Our Halvor was so lazy and dull, he never did a thing; and besides, he was so ragged, that one tatter took hold of the next tatter on him.
No; there never was the making of such a fine fellow in him as you are, master."
A little while after the old wife went to the hearth to poke up the fire, and when the blaze fell on Halvor's face, just as when he was at home of old poking about in the ashes, she knew him at once.
"Ah!
but it is you after all, Halvor?"
she cried; and then there was such joy for the old couple, there was no end to it; and he was forced to tell how he had fared, and the old dame was so fond and proud of him, nothing would do but he must go up at once to the farmer's, and show himself to the lassies, who had always looked down on him.
And off she went first, and Halvor followed after.

Keep her off round the world!”
Round the world!
There is much in that sound to inspire proud feelings; but whereto does all that circumnavigation conduct?
Only through numberless perils to the very point whence we started, where those that we left behind secure, were all the time before us.
Were this world an endless plain, and by sailing eastward we could for ever reach new distances, and discover sights more sweet and strange than any Cyclades or Islands of King Solomon, then there were promise in the voyage.
But in pursuit of those far mysteries we dream of, or in tormented chase of that demon phantom that, some time or other, swims before all human hearts; while chasing such over this round globe, they either lead us on in barren mazes or midway leave us whelmed.
CHAPTER 53.
The Gam.
The ostensible reason why Ahab did not go on board of the whaler we had spoken was this: the wind and sea betokened storms.
But even had this not been the case, he would not after all, perhaps, have boarded her—judging by his subsequent conduct on similar occasions—if so it had been that, by the process of hailing, he had obtained a negative answer to the question he put.
For, as it eventually turned out, he cared not to consort, even for five minutes, with any stranger captain, except he could contribute some of that information he so absorbingly sought.
But all this might remain inadequately estimated, were not something said here of the peculiar usages of whaling-vessels when meeting each other in foreign seas, and especially on a common cruising-ground.
If two strangers crossing the Pine Barrens in New York State, or the equally desolate Salisbury Plain in England; if casually encountering each other in such inhospitable wilds, these twain, for the life of them, cannot well avoid a mutual salutation; and stopping for a moment to interchange the news; and, perhaps, sitting down for a while and resting in concert: then, how much more natural that upon the illimitable Pine Barrens and Salisbury Plains of the sea, two whaling vessels descrying each other at the ends of the earth—off lone Fanning’s Island, or the far away King’s Mills; how much more natural, I say, that under such circumstances these ships should not only interchange hails, but come into still closer, more friendly and sociable contact.

I knew the thing for Freddie.
"Change of scene is what you want, old scout," I said.
"Come with me to Marvis Bay.
I've taken a cottage there.
Jimmy's coming down on the twenty-fourth.
We'll be a cosy party."
"He's absolutely right," said Jimmy.
"Change of scene's the thing.
I knew a man.
Girl refused him.
Man went abroad.
Two months later girl wired him, 'Come back.

Jack made the best of his way by travelling as fast as he could, but lost his road, and was benighted, and could find any habitation until, coming into a narrow valley, he found a large house, and in order to get shelter took courage to knock at the gate.
But what was his surprise when there came forth a monstrous giant with two heads; yet he did not appear so fiery as the others were, for he was a Welsh giant, and what he did was by private and secret malice under the false show of friendship.
Jack, having told his condition to the giant, was shown into a bedroom, where, in the dead of night, he heard his host in another apartment muttering these words:
  “Though here you lodge with me this night,   You shall not see the morning light   My club shall dash your brains outright!”
“Say'st thou so,” quoth Jack; “that is like one of your Welsh tricks, yet I hope to be cunning enough for you.” Then, getting out of bed, he laid a billet in the bed in his stead, and hid himself in a corner of the room.
At the dead time of the night in came the Welsh giant, who struck several heavy blows on the bed with his club, thinking he had broken every bone in Jack's skin.
The next morning Jack, laughing in his sleeve, gave him hearty thanks for his night's lodging.
“How have you rested?” quoth the giant; “did you not feel anything in the night?”
 “No,” quoth Jack, “nothing but a rat, which gave me two or three slaps with her tail.” With that, greatly wondering, the giant led Jack to breakfast, bringing him a bowl containing four gallons of hasty pudding.
Being loth to let the giant think it too much for him, Jack put a large leather bag under his loose coat, in such a way that he could convey the pudding into it without its being perceived.
Then, telling the giant he would show him a trick, taking a knife, Jack ripped open the bag, and out came all the hasty pudding.
Whereupon, saying, “Odds splutters hur nails, hur can do that trick hurself,” the monster took the knife, and ripping open his belly, fell down dead.
Now, it happened in these days that King Arthur's only son asked his father to give him a large sum of money, in order that he might go and seek his fortune in the principality of Wales, where lived a beautiful lady possessed with seven evil spirits.
The king did his best to persuade his son from it, but in vain; so at last gave way and the prince set out with two horses, one loaded with money, the other for himself to ride upon.
Now, after several days' travel, he came to a market-town in Wales, where he beheld a vast crowd of people gathered together.

“Well, step up here, Dick, and let me see your tongue.
No, I should be surprised if he did!
The man's tongue is fit to frighten the French.
Another fever.”
“Ah, there,” said Morgan, “that comed of sp'iling Bibles.”
“That comes as you call it of being arrant asses,” retorted the doctor, “and not having sense enough to know honest air from poison, and the dry land from a vile, pestiferous slough.
I think it most probable though of course it's only an opinion that you'll all have the deuce to pay before you get that malaria out of your systems.
Camp in a bog, would you?
Silver, I'm surprised at you.
You're less of a fool than many, take you all round; but you don't appear to me to have the rudiments of a notion of the rules of health.
“Well,” he added after he had dosed them round and they had taken his prescriptions, with really laughable humility, more like charity schoolchildren than blood-guilty mutineers and pirates “well, that's done for today.
And now I should wish to have a talk with that boy, please.”
And he nodded his head in my direction carelessly.
George Merry was at the door, spitting and spluttering over some bad-tasted medicine; but at the first word of the doctor's proposal he swung round with a deep flush and cried “No!” and swore.
Silver struck the barrel with his open hand.

I lent the ostlers a hand in rubbing down their horses, and received in exchange twopence, a glass of half-and-half, two fills of shag tobacco, and as much information as I could desire about Miss Adler, to say nothing of half a dozen other people in the neighbourhood in whom I was not in the least interested, but whose biographies I was compelled to listen to.”
“And what of Irene Adler?” I asked.
“Oh, she has turned all the men’s heads down in that part.
She is the daintiest thing under a bonnet on this planet.
So say the Serpentine-mews, to a man.
She lives quietly, sings at concerts, drives out at five every day, and returns at seven sharp for dinner.
Seldom goes out at other times, except when she sings.
Has only one male visitor, but a good deal of him.
He is dark, handsome, and dashing, never calls less than once a day, and often twice.
He is a Mr. Godfrey Norton, of the Inner Temple.
See the advantages of a cabman as a confidant.
They had driven him home a dozen times from Serpentine-mews, and knew all about him.
When I had listened to all they had to tell, I began to walk up and down near Briony Lodge once more, and to think over my plan of campaign.

That's the secret of his liking, I suspect."
"Aunt March, how dare you say such a thing?
John is above such meanness, and I won't listen to you a minute if you talk so," cried Meg indignantly, forgetting everything but the injustice of the old lady's suspicions.
"My John wouldn't marry for money, any more than I would.
We are willing to work and we mean to wait.
I'm not afraid of being poor, for I've been happy so far, and I know I shall be with him because he loves me, and I..."
Meg stopped there, remembering all of a sudden that she hadn't made up her mind, that she had told 'her John' to go away, and that he might be overhearing her inconsistent remarks.
Aunt March was very angry, for she had set her heart on having her pretty niece make a fine match, and something in the girl's happy young face made the lonely old woman feel both sad and sour.
"Well, I wash my hands of the whole affair!
You are a willful child, and you've lost more than you know by this piece of folly.
No, I won't stop.
I'm disappointed in you, and haven't spirits to see your father now.
Don't expect anything from me when you are married.

and Amy laid another sketch beside the one he held.
It was not nearly so well done, but there was a life and spirit in it which atoned for many faults, and it recalled the past so vividly that a sudden change swept over the young man's face as he looked.
Only a rough sketch of Laurie taming a horse.
Hat and coat were off, and every line of the active figure, resolute face, and commanding attitude was full of energy and meaning.
The handsome brute, just subdued, stood arching his neck under the tightly drawn rein, with one foot impatiently pawing the ground, and ears pricked up as if listening for the voice that had mastered him.
In the ruffled mane, the rider's breezy hair and erect attitude, there was a suggestion of suddenly arrested motion, of strength, courage, and youthful buoyancy that contrasted sharply with the supine grace of the 'Dolce far Niente'
sketch.
Laurie said nothing but as his eye went from one to the other, Amy saw him flush up and fold his lips together as if he read and accepted the little lesson she had given him.
That satisfied her, and without waiting for him to speak, she said, in her sprightly way...
"Don't you remember the day you played Rarey with Puck, and we all looked on?
Meg and Beth were frightened, but Jo clapped and pranced, and I sat on the fence and drew you.
I found that sketch in my portfolio the other day, touched it up, and kept it to show you."
"Much obliged.
You've improved immensely since then, and I congratulate you.

"We must hurry up, Jimmy," I said.
"The kid's uncle may arrive any day now and take him away."
"And we haven't an understudy," said Jimmy.
"There's something in that.
We must work!
My goodness, that kid's a bad study.
I've known deaf-mutes who would have learned the part quicker."
I will say this for the kid, though: he was a trier.
Failure didn't discourage him.
Whenever there was any kind of sweet near he had a dash at his line, and kept on saying something till he got what he was after.
His only fault was his uncertainty.
Personally, I would have been prepared to risk it, and start the performance at the first opportunity, but Jimmy said no.

Your giving me the silver ring was the sign that the power of the charm was nearly over, and my enemy’s last chance was to frighten you with her army of rats.
That she did not succeed in doing; so now, my dear Felicia, if you will be married to my son with this silver ring your future happiness is certain.
Do you think him handsome and amiable enough to be willing to marry him?”
“Madam,” replied Felicia, blushing, “you overwhelm me with your kindness.
I know that you are my mother’s sister, and that by your art you turned the soldiers who were sent to kill me into cabbages, and my nurse into a hen, and that you do me only too much honor in proposing that I shall marry your son.
How can I explain to you the cause of my hesitation?
I feel, for the first time in my life, how happy it would make me to be beloved.
Can you indeed give me the Prince’s heart?”
“It is yours already, lovely Princess!” he cried, taking her hand in his; “but for the horrible enchantment which kept me silent I should have told you long ago how dearly I love you.”
This made the Princess very happy, and the Queen, who could not bear to see her dressed like a poor shepherdess, touched her with her wand, saying:
“I wish you to be attired as befits your rank and beauty.” And immediately the Princess’s cotton dress became a magnificent robe of silver brocade embroidered with carbuncles, and her soft dark hair was encircled by a crown of diamonds, from which floated a clear white veil.
With her bright eyes, and the charming color in her cheeks, she was altogether such a dazzling sight that the Prince could hardly bear it.
“How pretty you are, Felicia!” he cried.
“Don’t keep me in suspense, I entreat you; say that you will marry me.”
“Ah!” said the Queen, smiling, “I think she will not refuse now.”
Just then Bruno, who was going back to his work, came out of the cottage, and thought he must be dreaming when he saw Felicia; but she called him very kindly, and begged the Queen to take pity on him.
“What!” she said, “when he was so unkind to you?”
“Ah!
madam,” said the Princess, “I am so happy that I should like everybody else to be happy too.”
The Queen kissed her, and said: “Well, to please you, let me see what I can do for this cross Bruno.” And with a wave of her wand she turned the poor little cottage into a splendid palace, full of treasures; only the two stools and the straw bed remained just as they were, to remind him of his former poverty.

what shall I do?"
said the dog.
"What is done is done," replied the cat.
"We must try to recover it, and if we do not succeed we had better drown ourselves in this stream.
I have a plan.
You go and kill a small lamb, and bring it here to me."
"All right," said the dog, and at once ran off.
He soon came back with a dead lamb, and gave it to the cat.
The cat got inside the lamb and lay down, telling the dog to go away a little distance and keep quiet.
Not long after this a nadhar, a bird whose look can break the bones of a fish, came and hovered over the lamb, and eventually pounced down on it to carry it away.
On this the cat came out and jumped on to the bird, and threatened to kill it if it did not recover the lost ring.
This was most readily promised by the nadhar, who immediately flew off to the king of the fishes, and ordered it to make inquiries and to restore the ring.

“My cabby drove fast.
I don’t think I ever drove faster, but the others were there before us.
The cab and the landau with their steaming horses were in front of the door when I arrived.
I paid the man and hurried into the church.
There was not a soul there save the two whom I had followed and a surpliced clergyman, who seemed to be expostulating with them.
They were all three standing in a knot in front of the altar.
I lounged up the side aisle like any other idler who has dropped into a church.
Suddenly, to my surprise, the three at the altar faced round to me, and Godfrey Norton came running as hard as he could towards me.
“‘Thank God,’ he cried.
‘You’ll do.
Come!
Come!’
“‘What then?’ I asked.

It had been established voluntarily some time ago, among the more thorough patriots; but, was now law for everybody.
“Walking here again, citizeness?”
“You see me, citizen!”
The wood-sawyer, who was a little man with a redundancy of gesture (he had once been a mender of roads), cast a glance at the prison, pointed at the prison, and putting his ten fingers before his face to represent bars, peeped through them jocosely.
“But it's not my business,” said he.
And went on sawing his wood.
Next day he was looking out for her, and accosted her the moment she appeared.
“What?
Walking here again, citizeness?”
“Yes, citizen.”
“Ah!
A child too!
Your mother, is it not, my little citizeness?”
“Do I say yes, mamma?” whispered little Lucie, drawing close to her.
“Yes, dearest.”
“Yes, citizen.”
“Ah!
But it's not my business.
My work is my business.

"The dirt is picturesque, so I don't mind.
The river and the hills are delicious, and these glimpses of the narrow cross streets are my delight.
Now we shall have to wait for that procession to pass.
It's going to the Church of St.
John."
While Laurie listlessly watched the procession of priests under their canopies, white-veiled nuns bearing lighted tapers, and some brotherhood in blue chanting as they walked, Amy watched him, and felt a new sort of shyness steal over her, for he was changed, and she could not find the merry-faced boy she left in the moody-looking man beside her.
He was handsomer than ever and greatly improved, she thought, but now that the flush of pleasure at meeting her was over, he looked tired and spiritless not sick, nor exactly unhappy, but older and graver than a year or two of prosperous life should have made him.
She couldn't understand it and did not venture to ask questions, so she shook her head and touched up her ponies, as the procession wound away across the arches of the Paglioni bridge and vanished in the church.
"Que pensez-vous?"
she said, airing her French, which had improved in quantity, if not in quality, since she came abroad.
"That mademoiselle has made good use of her time, and the result is charming," replied Laurie, bowing with his hand on his heart and an admiring look.
She blushed with pleasure, but somehow the compliment did not satisfy her like the blunt praises he used to give her at home, when he promenaded round her on festival occasions, and told her she was 'altogether jolly', with a hearty smile and an approving pat on the head.

You hear me?
I seen a thing or two at sea, I have.
If you would on'y lay your course, and a p'int to windward, you would ride in carriages, you would.
But not you!
I know you.
You'll have your mouthful of rum tomorrow, and go hang.”
“Everybody knowed you was a kind of a chapling, John; but there's others as could hand and steer as well as you,” said Israel.
“They liked a bit o' fun, they did.
They wasn't so high and dry, nohow, but took their fling, like jolly companions every one.”
“So?” says Silver.
“Well, and where are they now?
Pew was that sort, and he died a beggar-man.
Flint was, and he died of rum at Savannah.
Ah, they was a sweet crew, they was!

He readily granted my request and while he busied himself dis-entangling the traces of my leader, which had got mixed up with a stump, I climbed on an empty box so as to reach the rack and get the fish.
Just at that moment the Indian shouted to me to take twenty fish which were already wrapped up in a dunnage bag, ready for packing on a sleigh.
I glanced around, saw a brown package about two feet long and, without bothering to lift it, with one hand I pushed it so that it fell off the platform on to the ground.
As soon as it hit the frozen earth I noticed the peculiar sound it made—a crack like the branch of a tree snapping in the frost.
Jumping down, I opened the parcel.
There lay the dead body of a six months old child.
It was the Indian’s youngest baby.
It had died at Christmas time and the man had stored it on the rack, far out of reach of the prowling dogs, until the summer came and the ground thawed out sufficiently to enable him to dig its little grave.
Late one evening in August, our ship was plowing her way through a sea of slushy ice and small pans in Hudson Straits.
The weather was dead calm.
Ahead of us, to the northwest, the sun was sinking over the horizon, staining sky and ice in crimson.
Astern—to starboard—miles away, the rugged coast of Baffin Land loomed up, faint and dark.

I'll never forgive you if you do, for I want them all to know my friend."
"Do you?
Shall I come?"
he asked, looking down at her with an eager expression which she did not see.
"Yes, come next month.
Laurie graduates then, and you'd enjoy commencement as something new."
"That is your best friend, of whom you speak?"
he said in an altered tone.
"Yes, my boy Teddy.
I'm very proud of him and should like you to see him."
Jo looked up then, quite unconscious of anything but her own pleasure in the prospect of showing them to one another.
Something in Mr.
Bhaer's face suddenly recalled the fact that she might find Laurie more than a 'best friend', and simply because she particularly wished not to look as if anything was the matter, she involuntarily began to blush, and the more she tried not to, the redder she grew.

Good night, Doctor Jo."
He shook hands kindly, but looked as if something did not please him.
When they got into the hall, Jo asked Laurie if she had said something amiss.
He shook his head.
"No, it was me.
He doesn't like to hear me play."
"Why not?"
"I'll tell you some day.
John is going home with you, as I can't."
"No need of that.
I am not a young lady, and it's only a step.
Take care of yourself, won't you?"

"I'd rather sit still!"
But all the while he was longing to dance, for a funny new tickly feeling ran through him, and he felt he would give anything in the world to be able to jump about like these rabbits did.
The strange rabbit stopped dancing, and came quite close.
He came so close this time that his long whiskers brushed the Velveteen Rabbit's ear, and then he wrinkled his nose suddenly and flattened his ears and jumped backwards.
"He doesn't smell right!"
he exclaimed.
"He isn't a rabbit at all!
He isn't real!"
"I am Real!"
said the little Rabbit.
"I am Real!
The Boy said so!"

Belated, and not innocently, one bitter winter’s midnight, on the road running between two country towns, the blacksmith half-stupidly felt the deadly numbness stealing over him, and sought refuge in a leaning, dilapidated barn.
The issue was, the loss of the extremities of both feet.
Out of this revelation, part by part, at last came out the four acts of the gladness, and the one long, and as yet uncatastrophied fifth act of the grief of his life’s drama.
He was an old man, who, at the age of nearly sixty, had postponedly encountered that thing in sorrow’s technicals called ruin.
He had been an artisan of famed excellence, and with plenty to do; owned a house and garden; embraced a youthful, daughter-like, loving wife, and three blithe, ruddy children; every Sunday went to a cheerful-looking church, planted in a grove.
But one night, under cover of darkness, and further concealed in a most cunning disguisement, a desperate burglar slid into his happy home, and robbed them all of everything.
And darker yet to tell, the blacksmith himself did ignorantly conduct this burglar into his family’s heart.
It was the Bottle Conjuror!
Upon the opening of that fatal cork, forth flew the fiend, and shrivelled up his home.
Now, for prudent, most wise, and economic reasons, the blacksmith’s shop was in the basement of his dwelling, but with a separate entrance to it; so that always had the young and loving healthy wife listened with no unhappy nervousness, but with vigorous pleasure, to the stout ringing of her young-armed old husband’s hammer; whose reverberations, muffled by passing through the floors and walls, came up to her, not unsweetly, in her nursery; and so, to stout Labor’s iron lullaby, the blacksmith’s infants were rocked to slumber.
Oh, woe on woe!
Oh, Death, why canst thou not sometimes be timely?

What is it you'll tell?”
Everything was swimming before Tom.
There is no telling what might have happened, now, but luckily the concern passed out of Aunt Polly's face and she came to Tom's relief without knowing it.
She said:
“Sho!
It's that dreadful murder.
I dream about it most every night myself.
Sometimes I dream it's me that done it.”
Mary said she had been affected much the same way.
Sid seemed satisfied.
Tom got out of the presence as quick as he plausibly could, and after that he complained of toothache for a week, and tied up his jaws every night.
He never knew that Sid lay nightly watching, and frequently slipped the bandage free and then leaned on his elbow listening a good while at a time, and afterward slipped the bandage back to its place again.
Tom's distress of mind wore off gradually and the toothache grew irksome and was discarded.
If Sid really managed to make anything out of Tom's disjointed mutterings, he kept it to himself.
It seemed to Tom that his schoolmates never would get done holding inquests on dead cats, and thus keeping his trouble present to his mind.

The three fellows still abroad upon the island did not greatly trouble us; a single sentry on the shoulder of the hill was sufficient to ensure us against any sudden onslaught, and we thought, besides, they had had more than enough of fighting.
Therefore the work was pushed on briskly.
Gray and Ben Gunn came and went with the boat, while the rest during their absences piled treasure on the beach.
Two of the bars, slung in a rope's end, made a good load for a grown man one that he was glad to walk slowly with.
For my part, as I was not much use at carrying, I was kept busy all day in the cave packing the minted money into bread-bags.
It was a strange collection, like Billy Bones's hoard for the diversity of coinage, but so much larger and so much more varied that I think I never had more pleasure than in sorting them.
English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, Georges, and Louises, doubloons and double guineas and moidores and sequins, the pictures of all the kings of Europe for the last hundred years, strange Oriental pieces stamped with what looked like wisps of string or bits of spider's web, round pieces and square pieces, and pieces bored through the middle, as if to wear them round your neck nearly every variety of money in the world must, I think, have found a place in that collection; and for number, I am sure they were like autumn leaves, so that my back ached with stooping and my fingers with sorting them out.
Day after day this work went on; by every evening a fortune had been stowed aboard, but there was another fortune waiting for the morrow; and all this time we heard nothing of the three surviving mutineers.
At last I think it was on the third night the doctor and I were strolling on the shoulder of the hill where it overlooks the lowlands of the isle, when, from out the thick darkness below, the wind brought us a noise between shrieking and singing.
It was only a snatch that reached our ears, followed by the former silence.
“Heaven forgive them,” said the doctor; “'tis the mutineers!”
“All drunk, sir,” struck in the voice of Silver from behind us.
Silver, I should say, was allowed his entire liberty, and in spite of daily rebuffs, seemed to regard himself once more as quite a privileged and friendly dependent.

Well and good; but he sticks at nothing; he immediately makes himself one of the family.
We have talked over our respective relations several times, and discovered that we are connected by marriage.
It seems also that you are a sort of nephew on his mother’s side; he was explaining it to me again only yesterday.
If you are his nephew, it follows that I must also be a relation of yours, most excellent prince.
Never mind about that, it is only a foible; but just now he assured me that all his life, from the day he was made an ensign to the 11th of last June, he has entertained at least two hundred guests at his table every day.
Finally, he went so far as to say that they never rose from the table; they dined, supped, and had tea, for fifteen hours at a stretch.
This went on for thirty years without a break; there was barely time to change the table-cloth; directly one person left, another took his place.
On feast-days he entertained as many as three hundred guests, and they numbered seven hundred on the thousandth anniversary of the foundation of the Russian Empire.
It amounts to a passion with him; it makes one uneasy to hear of it.
It is terrible to have to entertain people who do things on such a scale.
That is why I wonder whether such a man is not too hospitable for you and me.”
“But you seem to be on the best of terms with him?”
“Quite fraternal I look upon it as a joke.
Let us be brothers-in-law, it is all the same to me, rather an honour than not.

A little bell is to ring when we pull the cord, and     we can run and see what we want.
The paint is wet.
Papa did it,     and the men put up the door last night.
I helped them, and did not go     in my bed till ten.
It was very nice to do it so.
I hope you will like     it.
Come in as soon as you can; I am all ready.
Your friend, 
    FAY.
"Mother, she must be a real fairy to do all that, mustn't she?"
said Johnny, leaning back to look at the dear door behind which lay such happiness for him.
"Yes, my sonny, she is the right sort of good fairy, and I just wish I could do her washing for love the rest of her blessed little life,"
answered Mrs. Morris, in a burst of grateful ardor.
"You shall!

A footman entered, bearing, with a detached air, as if he disclaimed all responsibility, a letter on a silver tray.
Mr. Scobell slit the envelope, and began to read.
As he did so his eyes grew round, and his mouth slowly opened till his cigar stump, after hanging for a moment from his lower lip, dropped off like an exhausted bivalve and rolled along the carpet.
"Prince," he gasped, "she's gone.
Betty!"
"Gone!
What do you mean?"
"She's beaten it.
She's half-way to Marseilles by now.
Gee, and I saw the darned boat going out!"
"She's gone!"
"This is from her.

But the left, under Thomas, held fast its position, and no doubt saved the little band of sixty thousand men which Rosecrans commanded at the time.
His army now found itself shut up in intrenchments, with Bragg on the hills threatening the Union forces with starvation.
On November 24-25 a battle near Chattanooga took place, with Grant at the head of the Federal forces.
Hooker came to join him from the Army of the Potomac, and Sherman hurried to his standard from Iuka.
Thomas made a dash and captured Orchard Knob, and Hooker, on the following day, charged Lookout Mountain.
This was the most brilliant, perhaps, of Grant's victories.
It is known as the "battle of Missionary Ridge."
Hooker had exceeded his prerogative and kept on after capturing the crest of Lookout Mountain, while Sherman was giving the foe several varieties of fits, from the north, when Grant discovered that before him the line was being weakened in order to help the Confederate flanks.
So with Thomas he crossed through the first line and over the rifle-pits, forgot that he had intended to halt and reform, and concluded to wait and reform after the war was over, when he should have more time, and that night along the entire line of heights the camp-fires of the Union army winked at one another in ghoulish glee.
The army under Bragg was routed, and Bragg resigned his command.
Burnside, who had been relieved of the command of the Army of the Potomac, was sent to East Tennessee, where the brave but frost-bitten troops of Longstreet shut him up at Knoxville and compelled him to board at the railroad eating-house there.
Sherman's worn and weary boys were now ordered at once to the relief of Burnside, and Longstreet, getting word of it, made a furious assault on the former, who repulsed him with loss, and he went away from there as Sherman approached from the west.

I'd be sure to calk a hoss or split a runner, or somethin'.
Go on!"
Breem knocked, and both went in.
"All right, pard?"
"Right as right, Pose," said Joe Bennett.
"Wife all right?"
Breem turned toward the bed, and Mrs. Bennett smiled up at him with happy eyes, and with a bit of colour already showing in her pale face.
Breem smiled back broadly.
Then he asked, "And, pard, the baby?"
"Peart as peart, Pose."
Breem waited a little, twirling his cap, but receiving a sharp thump from Thomson, went on:
"The boys, pard, are anxious about the little critter.
They're kind of hankering, pard, and, mum, if you are willin', and ain't 'fraid to trust her with us, why, we'd be mighty glad to tote her just for a few minutes over to camp.

But soon she saw one of his ears sticking up through the hole, for the strong pressure of the air was keeping him up so that he could not fall.
She crept to the hole, caught Toto by the ear, and dragged him into the room again, afterward closing the trap door so that no more accidents could happen.
Hour after hour passed away, and slowly Dorothy got over her fright; but she felt quite lonely, and the wind shrieked so loudly all about her that she nearly became deaf.
At first she had wondered if she would be dashed to pieces when the house fell again; but as the hours passed and nothing terrible happened, she stopped worrying and resolved to wait calmly and see what the future would bring.
At last she crawled over the swaying floor to her bed, and lay down upon it; and Toto followed and lay down beside her.
In spite of the swaying of the house and the wailing of the wind, Dorothy soon closed her eyes and fell fast asleep.
2.
The Council with the Munchkins 
She was awakened by a shock, so sudden and severe that if Dorothy had not been lying on the soft bed she might have been hurt.
As it was, the jar made her catch her breath and wonder what had happened; and Toto put his cold little nose into her face and whined dismally.
Dorothy sat up and noticed that the house was not moving; nor was it dark, for the bright sunshine came in at the window, flooding the little room.
She sprang from her bed and with Toto at her heels ran and opened the door.
The little girl gave a cry of amazement and looked about her, her eyes growing bigger and bigger at the wonderful sights she saw.

I wonder, thought I, if this can possibly be a part of his Ramadan; do they fast on their hams that way in his native island.
It must be so; yes, it’s part of his creed, I suppose; well, then, let him rest; he’ll get up sooner or later, no doubt.
It can’t last for ever, thank God, and his Ramadan only comes once a year; and I don’t believe it’s very punctual then.
I went down to supper.
After sitting a long time listening to the long stories of some sailors who had just come from a plum-pudding voyage, as they called it (that is, a short whaling-voyage in a schooner or brig, confined to the north of the line, in the Atlantic Ocean only); after listening to these plum-puddingers till nearly eleven o’clock, I went up stairs to go to bed, feeling quite sure by this time Queequeg must certainly have brought his Ramadan to a termination.
But no; there he was just where I had left him; he had not stirred an inch.
I began to grow vexed with him; it seemed so downright senseless and insane to be sitting there all day and half the night on his hams in a cold room, holding a piece of wood on his head.
“For heaven’s sake, Queequeg, get up and shake yourself; get up and have some supper.
You’ll starve; you’ll kill yourself, Queequeg.” But not a word did he reply.
Despairing of him, therefore, I determined to go to bed and to sleep; and no doubt, before a great while, he would follow me.
But previous to turning in, I took my heavy bearskin jacket, and threw it over him, as it promised to be a very cold night; and he had nothing but his ordinary round jacket on.
For some time, do all I would, I could not get into the faintest doze.

What can you gather from this old battered felt?”
“Here is my lens.
You know my methods.
What can you gather yourself as to the individuality of the man who has worn this article?”
I took the tattered object in my hands and turned it over rather ruefully.
It was a very ordinary black hat of the usual round shape, hard and much the worse for wear.
The lining had been of red silk, but was a good deal discoloured.
There was no maker’s name; but, as Holmes had remarked, the initials “H.
B.” were scrawled upon one side.
It was pierced in the brim for a hat-securer, but the elastic was missing.
For the rest, it was cracked, exceedingly dusty, and spotted in several places, although there seemed to have been some attempt to hide the discoloured patches by smearing them with ink.
“I can see nothing,” said I, handing it back to my friend.
“On the contrary, Watson, you can see everything.
You fail, however, to reason from what you see.

Darling thought this showed want of firmness.
“Mother, don't pamper him,” he called after her.
“Michael, when I was your age I took medicine without a murmur.
I said, 'Thank you, kind parents, for giving me bottles to make me well.
'”
He really thought this was true, and Wendy, who was now in her night-gown, believed it also, and she said, to encourage Michael, “That medicine you sometimes take, father, is much nastier, isn't it?”
“Ever so much nastier,” Mr.
Darling said bravely, “and I would take it now as an example to you, Michael, if I hadn't lost the bottle.”
He had not exactly lost it; he had climbed in the dead of night to the top of the wardrobe and hidden it there.
What he did not know was that the faithful Liza had found it, and put it back on his wash-stand.
“I know where it is, father,” Wendy cried, always glad to be of service.
“I'll bring it,” and she was off before he could stop her.
Immediately his spirits sank in the strangest way.
“John,” he said, shuddering, “it's most beastly stuff.
It's that nasty, sticky, sweet kind.”
“It will soon be over, father,” John said cheerily, and then in rushed Wendy with the medicine in a glass.

But it was no use—I did all I could; sat up with him nights; was very severe with him in the matter of diet—”
“Oh, very severe!” chimed in the patient himself; then suddenly altering his voice, “Drinking hot rum toddies with me every night, till he couldn’t see to put on the bandages; and sending me to bed, half seas over, about three o’clock in the morning.
Oh, ye stars!
he sat up with me indeed, and was very severe in my diet.
Oh!
a great watcher, and very dietetically severe, is Dr. Bunger.
(Bunger, you dog, laugh out!
why don’t ye?
You know you’re a precious jolly rascal.)
But, heave ahead, boy, I’d rather be killed by you than kept alive by any other man.”
“My captain, you must have ere this perceived, respected sir”—said the imperturbable godly-looking Bunger, slightly bowing to Ahab—“is apt to be facetious at times; he spins us many clever things of that sort.
But I may as well say—en passant, as the French remark—that I myself—that is to say, Jack Bunger, late of the reverend clergy—am a strict total abstinence man; I never drink—”
“Water!” cried the captain; “he never drinks it; it’s a sort of fits to him; fresh water throws him into the hydrophobia; but go on—go on with the arm story.”
“Yes, I may as well,” said the surgeon, coolly.
“I was about observing, sir, before Captain Boomer’s facetious interruption, that spite of my best and severest endeavors, the wound kept getting worse and worse; the truth was, sir, it was as ugly gaping wound as surgeon ever saw; more than two feet and several inches long.
I measured it with the lead line.

Another forest sprang up around his feet, and grew ancient there; and again might be seen oak-trees, of six or seven centuries old, that had waxed thus aged betwixt his enormous toes.
And there stands the giant to this day; or, at any rate, there stands a mountain as tall as he, and which bears his name; and when the thunder rumbles about its summit, we may imagine it to be the voice of Giant Atlas, bellowing after Hercules!
TANGLEWOOD FIRESIDE 

AFTER THE STORY 
"Cousin Eustace," demanded Sweet Fern, who had been sitting at the story-teller's feet, with his mouth wide open, "exactly how tall was this giant?"
"O Sweet Fern, Sweet Fern!"
cried the student.
"Do you think that I was there, to measure him with a yard-stick?
Well, if you must know to a hair's-breadth, I suppose he might be from three to fifteen miles straight upward, and that he might have seated himself on Taconic, and had Monument Mountain for a footstool."
"Dear me!"
ejaculated the good little boy, with a contented sort of a grunt, "that was a giant, sure enough!
And how long was his little finger?"
"As long as from Tanglewood to the lake," said Eustace.
"Sure enough, that was a giant!"

Then were the Dedannans wroth, and a hundred swords were unsheathed and flashed in the sunlight on the plain.
'We go to slay Lir who doeth not homage to our King and regardeth not the choice of the people.'
But wise and generous was Bove Derg, and he bade the warriors do no hurt to the offended Prince.
For long years did Lir live in discontent, yielding obedience to none.
But at length a great sorrow fell upon him, for his wife, who was dear unto him, died, and she had been ill but three days.
Loudly did he lament her death, and heavy was his heart with sorrow.
When tidings of Lir's grief reached Bove Derg, he was surrounded by his mightiest chiefs.
'Go forth,' he said, 'in fifty chariots go forth.
Tell Lir I am his friend as ever, and ask that he come with you hither.
Three fair foster-children are mine, and one may he yet have to wife, will he but bow to the will of the people, who have chosen me their King.'
When these words were told to Lir, his heart was glad.
Speedily he called around him his train, and in fifty chariots set forth.

The rest of the company followed her example.
II.
The prince suddenly approached Evgenie Pavlovitch.
“Evgenie Pavlovitch,” he said, with strange excitement and seizing the latter’s hand in his own, “be assured that I esteem you as a generous and honourable man, in spite of everything.
Be assured of that.”
Evgenie Pavlovitch fell back a step in astonishment.
For one moment it was all he could do to restrain himself from bursting out laughing; but, looking closer, he observed that the prince did not seem to be quite himself; at all events, he was in a very curious state.
“I wouldn’t mind betting, prince,” he cried, “that you did not in the least mean to say that, and very likely you meant to address someone else altogether.
What is it?
Are you feeling unwell or anything?”
“Very likely, extremely likely, and you must be a very close observer to detect the fact that perhaps I did not intend to come up to you at all.”
So saying he smiled strangely; but suddenly and excitedly he began again:
“Don’t remind me of what I have done or said.
Don’t!
I am very much ashamed of myself, I ”
“Why, what have you done?
I don’t understand you.”
“I see you are ashamed of me, Evgenie Pavlovitch; you are blushing for me; that’s a sign of a good heart.

And I was meaning to have the most lovely time.
See what has come!"
She held out some flimsy sheets of paper.
"A cable!"
said Elsa.
"Great Scott!
it looks like the scenario of a four-act play," said Marvin.
"That's not all one cable, surely?
Whoever sent it must be a millionaire."
"He is.
It's from my stepfather.
Read it out, Elsa.

Will he come with us, or is he to stay here?” Doktorenko asked crossly of the prince.
“You can stay with him if you like,” said Muishkin.
“There is plenty of room here.”
Suddenly, to the astonishment of all, Keller went quickly up to the general.
“Excellency,” he said, impulsively, “if you want a reliable man for the night, I am ready to sacrifice myself for my friend such a soul as he has!
I have long thought him a great man, excellency!
My article showed my lack of education, but when he criticizes he scatters pearls!”
Ivan Fedorovitch turned from the boxer with a gesture of despair.
“I shall be delighted if he will stay; it would certainly be difficult for him to get back to Petersburg,” said the prince, in answer to the eager questions of Lizabetha Prokofievna.
“But you are half asleep, are you not?
If you don’t want him, I will take him back to my house!
Why, good gracious!
He can hardly stand up himself!
What is it?

If he had liked his wife so much why did he hate her garden?
She wondered if she should ever see him, but she knew that if she did she should not like him, and he would not like her, and that she should only stand and stare at him and say nothing, though she should be wanting dreadfully to ask him why he had done such a queer thing.
“People never like me and I never like people,” she thought.
“And I never can talk as the Crawford children could.
They were always talking and laughing and making noises.”
She thought of the robin and of the way he seemed to sing his song at her, and as she remembered the tree-top he perched on she stopped rather suddenly on the path.
“I believe that tree was in the secret garden—I feel sure it was,” she said.
“There was a wall round the place and there was no door.”
She walked back into the first kitchen-garden she had entered and found the old man digging there.
She went and stood beside him and watched him a few moments in her cold little way.
He took no notice of her and so at last she spoke to him.
“I have been into the other gardens,” she said.
“There was nothin’ to prevent thee,” he answered crustily.
“I went into the orchard.”
“There was no dog at th’ door to bite thee,” he answered.

Strike up with your viols and bassoons.
Princesses," she explained rapidly to Ermengarde and Becky, "always had minstrels to play at their feasts.
Pretend there is a minstrel gallery up there in the corner.
Now we will begin."
They had barely had time to take their pieces of cake into their hands not one of them had time to do more, when they all three sprang to their feet and turned pale faces toward the door listening listening.
Someone was coming up the stairs.
There was no mistake about it.
Each of them recognized the angry, mounting tread and knew that the end of all things had come.
"It's the missus!"
choked Becky, and dropped her piece of cake upon the floor.
"Yes," said Sara, her eyes growing shocked and large in her small white face.
"Miss Minchin has found us out."

You promise that, do you not?”
“Yes, I promise, and now it is up to you.”
CHAPTER 26 
Pinocchio goes to the seashore with his friends to see the Terrible Shark.
In the morning, bright and early, Pinocchio started for school.
Imagine what the boys said when they saw a Marionette enter the classroom!
They laughed until they cried.
Everyone played tricks on him.
One pulled his hat off, another tugged at his coat, a third tried to paint a mustache under his nose.
One even attempted to tie strings to his feet and his hands to make him dance.
For a while Pinocchio was very calm and quiet.
Finally, however, he lost all patience and turning to his tormentors, he said to them threateningly:
“Careful, boys, I haven’t come here to be made fun of.
I’ll respect you and I want you to respect me.”
“Hurrah for Dr. Know-all!
You have spoken like a printed book!” howled the boys, bursting with laughter.
One of them, more impudent than the rest, put out his hand to pull the Marionette’s nose.

“Mr.
Barsad,” he went on, in the tone of one who really was looking over a hand at cards: “Sheep of the prisons, emissary of Republican committees, now turnkey, now prisoner, always spy and secret informer, so much the more valuable here for being English that an Englishman is less open to suspicion of subornation in those characters than a Frenchman, represents himself to his employers under a false name.
That's a very good card.
Mr. Barsad, now in the employ of the republican French government, was formerly in the employ of the aristocratic English government, the enemy of France and freedom.
That's an excellent card.
Inference clear as day in this region of suspicion, that Mr.
Barsad, still in the pay of the aristocratic English government, is the spy of Pitt, the treacherous foe of the Republic crouching in its bosom, the English traitor and agent of all mischief so much spoken of and so difficult to find.
That's a card not to be beaten.
Have you followed my hand, Mr. Barsad?”
“Not to understand your play,” returned the spy, somewhat uneasily.
“I play my Ace, Denunciation of Mr. Barsad to the nearest Section Committee.
Look over your hand, Mr. Barsad, and see what you have.
Don't hurry.”
He drew the bottle near, poured out another glassful of brandy, and drank it off.
He saw that the spy was fearful of his drinking himself into a fit state for the immediate denunciation of him.

I have no wish to be your friend.
If you were hungry, you wouldn't hesitate to gobble me up.
I don't care for that sort of affection."
With that Hiranya whisked away to his hole, pausing at the entrance, when he knew the crow could not get at him, to cry, "You be off to your nest and leave me alone!"
The feelings of the crow were very much hurt at this speech, the more that he knew full well it was not exactly love for the mouse, which had led him to make his offer, but self-interest: for who could tell what difficulties he himself might some day be in, out of which the mouse might help him?
Instead of obeying Hiranya, and going back to his nest, he hopped to the mouse's hole, and putting his head on one side in what he thought was a very taking manner, he said:
"Pray do not misjudge me so.
Never would I harm you!
Even if I did not wish to have you for a friend, I should not dream of gobbling you up, as you say, however hungry I might be.
Surely you are aware that I am a strict vegetarian, and never eat the flesh of other creatures.
At least give me a trial.
Let us share a meal together, and talk the matter over."
5.

"But what can you do in a foreign land; in an enemy's country?"
said D'Artagnan.
"Did you promise the queen to storm the Tower of London?
Come, Porthos, what do you think of this business?"
"Nothing good," said Porthos.
"Friend," said Athos, "our minds are made up!
Ah, if we had you with us!
With you, D'Artagnan, and you, Porthos all four, and reunited for the first time for twenty years we would dare, not only England but the three kingdoms together!"
"Very well," cried D'Artagnan furiously, "very well, since you wish it, let us leave our bones in this horrible land, where it is always cold, where the fine weather comes after a fog, and the fog after rain; in truth, whether we die here or elsewhere matters little, since we must die sooner or later."
"But your future career, D'Artagnan?
Your ambition, Porthos?"
said Athos.

When she went home the mouse inquired, “And what was this child christened?”
“Half-done,” answered the cat.
“Half-done!
What are you saying?
I never heard the name in my life, I’ll wager anything it is not in the calendar!”
The cat’s mouth soon began to water for some more licking.
“All good things go in threes,” said she, “I am asked to stand godmother again.
The child is quite black, only it has white paws, but with that exception, it has not a single white hair on its whole body; this only happens once every few years, you will let me go, won’t you?” “Top-off!
Half-done!” answered the mouse, “they are such odd names, they make me very thoughtful.” “You sit at home,” said the cat, “in your dark-grey fur coat and long tail, and are filled with fancies, that’s because you do not go out in the daytime.” During the cat’s absence the mouse cleaned the house, and put it in order but the greedy cat entirely emptied the pot of fat.
“When everything is eaten up one has some peace,” said she to herself, and well filled and fat she did not return home till night.
The mouse at once asked what name had been given to the third child.
“It will not please you more than the others,” said the cat.
“He is called All-gone.” “All-gone,” cried the mouse, “that is the most suspicious name of all!
I have never seen it in print.

Almost without intending it, or quite knowing what she was about, she was soon busily engaged in attempting to undo it.
Meanwhile, the bright sunshine came through the open window; as did likewise the merry voices of the children, playing at a distance, and perhaps the voice of Epimetheus among them.
Pandora stopped to listen.
What a beautiful day it was!
Would it not be wiser, if she were to let the troublesome knot alone, and think no more about the box, but run and join her little playfellows, and be happy?
All this time, however, her fingers were half unconsciously busy with the knot; and happening to glance at the flower-wreathed face on the lid of the enchanted box, she seemed to perceive it slyly grinning at her.
"That face looks very mischievous," thought Pandora.
"I wonder whether it smiles because I am doing wrong!
I have the greatest mind in the world to run away!"
But just then, by the merest accident, she gave the knot a kind of a twist, which produced a wonderful result.
The gold cord untwined itself, as if by magic, and left the box without a fastening.
"This is the strangest thing I ever knew!"

"Pretty well, of course.
Everything costs a lot over here, you know."
He moaned.
Jeeves filtered in with the tea.
Old Chiswick took a stab at it to restore his tissues, and nodded.
"A terrible country, Mr. Wooster!
A terrible country!
Nearly eight shillings for a short cab-drive!
Iniquitous!"
He took another look round the room.
It seemed to fascinate him.
"Have you any idea how much my nephew pays for this flat, Mr.

Then the Fakir looked at the King's son and put on a great pot, and said, "Come round here, my pupil."
But the King's son said, "Master first, and pupil after."
The Fakir told him to come once, he told him twice, he told him three times, and each time the King's son answered, "Master first, and pupil after."
Then the Fakir made a dash at the King's son, thinking to catch him and throw him into the caldron.
There were about a hundred gallons of oil in this caldron, and the fire was burning beneath it.
Then the King's son, lifting the Fakir, gave him a jerk and threw him into the caldron, and he was burnt, and became roast meat.
He then saw a key of the Fakir's lying there; he took this key and opened the door of the Fakir's house.
Now many men were locked up in this house; two horses were standing there in a hut of the Fakir's; two greyhounds were tied up there; two simurgs were imprisoned, and two tigers also stood there.
So the King's son let all the creatures go, and took them out of the house, and they all returned thanks to God.
Next he let out all the men who were in prison.
He took away with him the two horses, and he took away the two tigers, and he took away the two hounds, and he took away the two simurgs, and with them he set out for another country.
As he went along the road he saw above him a bald man, grazing a herd of calves, and this bald man called out to him, "Fellow!

"No," cried the man; "we've buried most of 'em.
The rest have gone away.
Them that we have here don't come out at night."
"The night air ain't quite wholesome, I suppose?"
said Mark.
"It's deadly poison," was the answer.
Mark showed no more uneasiness than if it had been commended to him as ambrosia; but he gave the man his arm, and as they went along explained the nature of their purchase, and inquired where it lay.
Close to his own log-house, he said.
It was a miserable cabin, rudely constructed of the trunks of trees, the door of which had either fallen down or been carried away.
When they had brought up their chest, Martin gave way, and lay down on the ground, and wept aloud.
"Lord love you, sir," cried Mr. Tapley.
"Don't do that.

Helm there!
keep her full before the wind!—Aloft!
come down!—Mr.
Stubb, send a fresh hand to the fore-mast head, and see it manned till morning.”—Then advancing towards the doubloon in the main-mast—“Men, this gold is mine, for I earned it; but I shall let it abide here till the White Whale is dead; and then, whosoever of ye first raises him, upon the day he shall be killed, this gold is that man’s; and if on that day I shall again raise him, then, ten times its sum shall be divided among all of ye!
Away now!—the deck is thine, sir!”
And so saying, he placed himself half way within the scuttle, and slouching his hat, stood there till dawn, except when at intervals rousing himself to see how the night wore on.
CHAPTER 134.
The Chase—Second Day.
At day-break, the three mast-heads were punctually manned afresh.
“D’ye see him?” cried Ahab after allowing a little space for the light to spread.
“See nothing, sir.”
“Turn up all hands and make sail!
he travels faster than I thought for;—the top-gallant sails!—aye, they should have been kept on her all night.
But no matter—’tis but resting for the rush.”
Here be it said, that this pertinacious pursuit of one particular whale, continued through day into night, and through night into day, is a thing by no means unprecedented in the South sea fishery.

and off he went in a huff.
"Well, Chimborazo," said the fairy godmother, "what do you think of 'Oh, dear!'
now?"
Chimborazo looked at her beseechingly, but said nothing.
"Finding that forty-five times was not enough for you yesterday, I thought I would let you have all you wanted to-day, you see," said the fairy wickedly.
The boy still looked imploringly at her, but did not open his lips.
"Well, well," she said at last, touching his lips with her wand, "I think that is enough in the way of punishment, though I am sorry you broke the bell-punch.
Good-by!
I don't believe you will say 'Oh, dear!'
any more."
And he didn't.
THE USEFUL COAL 
There was once a king whose name was Sligo.

When the Lord and master came back again with his heavenly companions, he did not see the tailor behind the door, but when he seated himself on his chair the footstool was missing.
He asked Saint Peter what had become of the stool, but he did not know.
Then he asked if he had let anyone come in.
“I know of no one who has been here,” answered Peter, “but a lame tailor, who is still sitting behind the door.” Then the Lord had the tailor brought before him, and asked him if he had taken away the stool, and where he had put it?
“Oh, Lord,” answered the tailor joyously, “I threw it in my anger down to earth at an old woman whom I saw stealing two veils at the washing.” “Oh, thou knave,” said the Lord, “were I to judge as thou judgest, how dost thou think thou couldst have escaped so long?
I should long ago have had no chairs, benches, seats, nay, not even an oven-fork, but should have thrown everything down at the sinners.
Henceforth thou canst stay no longer in heaven, but must go outside the door again.
Then go where thou wilt.
No one shall give punishment here, but I alone, the Lord.”
Peter was obliged to take the tailor out of heaven again, and as he had torn shoes, and feet covered with blisters, he took a stick in his hand, and went to “Wait-a-bit,” where the good soldiers sit and make merry.
36 The Wishing-Table, the Gold-Ass, and the Cudgel in the Sack 
There was once upon a time a tailor who had three sons, and only one goat.
But as the goat supported the whole of them with her milk, she was obliged to have good food, and to be taken every day to pasture.
The sons, therefore, did this, in turn.

caw!
caw!
caw!
Ain’t I a crow?
And where’s the scare-crow?
There he stands; two bones stuck into a pair of old trowsers, and two more poked into the sleeves of an old jacket.”
“Wonder if he means me?—complimentary!—poor lad!—I could go hang myself.
Any way, for the present, I’ll quit Pip’s vicinity.
I can stand the rest, for they have plain wits; but he’s too crazy-witty for my sanity.
So, so, I leave him muttering.”
“Here’s the ship’s navel, this doubloon here, and they are all on fire to unscrew it.
But, unscrew your navel, and what’s the consequence?
Then again, if it stays here, that is ugly, too, for when aught’s nailed to the mast it’s a sign that things grow desperate.
Ha, ha!

With your gracious permission, I will take my leave to-day.
I hope to make you another visit some day.
Please give up the idea of my staying longer now."
King Ryn Jin was overcome with sorrow at the thought that he must lose his friend who had made a great diversion in the Palace of the Sea, and his tears fell fast as he answered:
"We are indeed very sorry to part with you, Mikoto, for we have enjoyed your stay with us very much.
You have been a noble and honored guest and we have heartily made you welcome.
I quite understand that as you govern Japan you ought to be there and not here, and that it is vain for us to try and keep you longer with us, much as we would like to have you stay.
I hope you will not forget us.
Strange circumstances have brought us together and I trust the friendship thus begun between the Land and the Sea will last and grow stronger than it has ever been before."
When the Sea King had finished speaking he turned to his two daughters and bade them bring him the two Tide-Jewels of the Sea.
The two Princesses bowed low, rose and glided out of the hall.
In a few minutes they returned, each one carrying in her hands a flashing gem which filled the room with light.
As the Happy Hunter looked at them he wondered what they could be.

One day a woman was passing by a corn-field when her little child, who was running beside her, fell into a puddle, and dirtied her frock.
On this the mother tore up a handful of the beautiful ears of corn, and cleaned the frock with them.
When the Lord, who just then came by, saw that, he was angry, and said, “Henceforth shall the stalks of corn bear no more ears; men are no longer worthy of heavenly gifts.” The by-standers who heard this, were terrified, and fell on their knees and prayed that he would still leave something on the stalks, even if the people were undeserving of it, for the sake of the innocent birds which would otherwise have to starve.
The Lord, who foresaw their suffering, had pity on them, and granted the request.
So the ears were left as they now grow.
195 The Grave-Mound 
A rich farmer was one day standing in his yard inspecting his fields and gardens.
The corn was growing up vigorously and the fruit-trees were heavily laden with fruit.
The grain of the year before still lay in such immense heaps on the floors that the rafters could hardly bear it.
Then he went into the stable, where were well-fed oxen, fat cows, and horses bright as looking-glass.
At length he went back into his sitting-room, and cast a glance at the iron chest in which his money lay.
Whilst he was thus standing surveying his riches, all at once there was a loud knock close by him.
The knock was not at the door of his room, but at the door of his heart.

Then he remembered that he was wearing the Cap of Darkness, and that she could only hear him, not see him.
So he took it off, and there he stood before her, the handsomest young man she had ever seen in all her life, with short curly yellow hair, and blue eyes, and a laughing face.
And he thought her the most beautiful girl in the world.
So first with one blow of the Sword of Sharpness he cut the iron chain that bound her, and then he asked her what she did there, and why men treated her so cruelly.
And she told him that she was the daughter of the King of that country, and that she was tied there to be eaten by a monstrous beast out of the sea; for the beast came and devoured a girl every day.
Now the lot had fallen on her; and as she was just saying this a long fierce head of a cruel sea creature rose out of the waves and snapped at the girl.
But the beast had been too greedy and too hurried, so he missed his aim the first time.
Before he could rise and bite again the boy had whipped the Terrible Head out of his wallet and held it up.
And when the sea beast leaped out once more its eyes fell on the head, and instantly it was turned into a stone.
And the stone beast is there on the sea-coast to this day.
Then the boy and the girl went to the palace of the King, her father, where everyone was weeping for her death, and they could hardly believe their eyes when they saw her come back well.
And the King and Queen made much of the boy, and could not contain themselves for delight when they found he wanted to marry their daughter.

The door was pushed aside and a big, steaming platter entered.
It was upheld by a small boy, who stammered diffidently, "My moth-moth-mother thaid she wanted you to try thum of her nith turkey."
"Well, well!"
said Eph; "Aunt Tildy has cooked a turkey for us to-day, and she's a main good cook" Eph did not appear to see the signs the heaven-born inventor was making to him "but I've heard that your mother does things pretty well, too.
We're greatly obliged."
And Eph put the steaming platter on the table.
"She thays you c-c-can thend the platter home to-morrow," stammered the boy, and stammering himself out, he ran into another.
The other held high a big dish of plum pudding, from which a spicy aroma filled the room.
Again the heaven-born inventor made signs to Eph.
"Our folks told me to ask if you wouldn't try this plum pudding," said the newcomer.
"They made an extra one, and the cousins we expected didn't come, so we can spare it just as well as not."
It seemed as if Eph hesitated a moment, and the inventor's face became a panorama.

“It's just nothing.”
“Why, many a time I've looked at people smoking, and thought well I wish I could do that; but I never thought I could,” said Tom.
“That's just the way with me, hain't it, Huck?
You've heard me talk just that way haven't you, Huck?
I'll leave it to Huck if I haven't.”
“Yes heaps of times,” said Huck.
“Well, I have too,” said Tom; “oh, hundreds of times.
Once down by the slaughter-house.
Don't you remember, Huck?
Bob Tanner was there, and Johnny Miller, and Jeff Thatcher, when I said it.
Don't you remember, Huck, 'bout me saying that?”
“Yes, that's so,” said Huck.
“That was the day after I lost a white alley.
No, 'twas the day before.”
“There I told you so,” said Tom.
“Huck recollects it.”
“I bleeve I could smoke this pipe all day,” said Joe.

Now, although you may not have supposed it, Proserpina found it impossible to take leave of poor King Pluto without some regrets, and a good deal of compunction for not telling him about the pomegranate.
She even shed a tear or two, thinking how lonely and cheerless the great palace would seem to him, with all its ugly glare of artificial light, after she herself his one little ray of natural sunshine, whom he had stolen, to be sure, but only because he valued her so much after she should have departed.
I know not how many kind things she might have said to the disconsolate king of the mines, had not Quicksilver hurried her way.
"Come along quickly," whispered he in her ear, "or his majesty may change his royal mind.
And take care, above all things, that you say nothing of what was brought you on the golden salver."
In a very short time, they had passed the great gateway (leaving the three-headed Cerberus, barking, and yelping, and growling, with threefold din, behind them), and emerged upon the surface of the earth.
It was delightful to behold, as Proserpina hastened along, how the path grew verdant behind and on either side of her.
Wherever she set her blessed foot, there was at once a dewy flower.
The violets gushed up along the wayside.
The grass and the grain began to sprout with tenfold vigor and luxuriance, to make up for the dreary months that had been wasted in barrenness.
The starved cattle immediately set to work grazing, after their long fast, and ate enormously, all day, and got up at midnight to eat more.
But I can assure you it was a busy time of year with the farmers, when they found the summer coming upon them with such a rush.

"Ah!"
replied the cat, "there you sit in your gray coat and long tail, thinking nonsense.
That comes of never going out."
The mouse busied herself during the cat's absence in putting the house in order, but meanwhile greedy puss licked the grease-pot clean out.
"When it is all done one will rest in peace," thought he to himself, and as soon as night came he went home fat and tired.
The mouse, however, again asked what name the third child had received.
"It will not please you any better," answered the cat, "for he is called All-out."
"All-out!"
exclaimed the mouse; "well, that is certainly the most curious name by far.
I have never yet seen it in print.
All-out!
What can that mean?"

I'll kill them fast enough, never fear."
The tailor chose ten strong men, and told them to await him on the border of the wood, while he went on quite alone.
He could hear the giants snoring for quite half an hour before he reached them, so he knew in which direction to go.
He found the pair fast asleep under a tree, so he filled his pockets with stones and climbed up into the branches over their heads.
Then he began to pelt one of the giants with the missiles, until after a few minutes one of the men awoke.
Giving the other a rough push, he cried:
"If you strike me like that again, I'll know the reason why."
"I didn't touch you," said the other giant crossly, and they were soon fast asleep once more.
Then the tailor threw stones at the other man, and soon he awoke as the first had done.
"What did you throw that at me for?"
said he.
"You are dreaming," answered the other, "I didn't throw anything."
No sooner were they fast asleep again, than the little man began to pelt them afresh.

I do a great many.
Papa shows me how.
His are splendid.
Do you draw or paint yours?"
"I only cut 'em out of papers, and stick 'em on this wall or put 'em in scrap-books.
I can't draw, and I haven't got no paints," answered Johnny.
"You should say 'haven't any paints.'
I will come and see you some day; and if I like you, I will let you have my old paint-box.
Do you want it?"
"Guess I do!"
"I think I shall like you; so I'll bring it when I come.
Do you ache much?"

“Pious harpooneers never make good voyagers—it takes the shark out of ’em; no harpooneer is worth a straw who aint pretty sharkish.
There was young Nat Swaine, once the bravest boat-header out of all Nantucket and the Vineyard; he joined the meeting, and never came to good.
He got so frightened about his plaguy soul, that he shrinked and sheered away from whales, for fear of after-claps, in case he got stove and went to Davy Jones.”
“Peleg!
Peleg!” said Bildad, lifting his eyes and hands, “thou thyself, as I myself, hast seen many a perilous time; thou knowest, Peleg, what it is to have the fear of death; how, then, can’st thou prate in this ungodly guise.
Thou beliest thine own heart, Peleg.
Tell me, when this same Pequod here had her three masts overboard in that typhoon on Japan, that same voyage when thou went mate with Captain Ahab, did’st thou not think of Death and the Judgment then?”
“Hear him, hear him now,” cried Peleg, marching across the cabin, and thrusting his hands far down into his pockets,—“hear him, all of ye.
Think of that!
When every moment we thought the ship would sink!
Death and the Judgment then?
What?
With all three masts making such an everlasting thundering against the side; and every sea breaking over us, fore and aft.
Think of Death and the Judgment then?

I don't wish to get cross, so let's change the subject;"  and Jo looked quite ready to fling cold water on the slightest provocation.
Whatever his feelings might have been, Laurie found a vent for them in a long low whistle and the fearful prediction as they parted at the gate, "Mark my words, Jo, you'll go next."
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE 
THE FIRST WEDDING 
The June roses over the porch were awake bright and early on that morning, rejoicing with all their hearts in the cloudless sunshine, like friendly little neighbors, as they were.
Quite flushed with excitement were their ruddy faces, as they swung in the wind, whispering to one another what they had seen, for some peeped in at the dining room windows where the feast was spread, some climbed up to nod and smile at the sisters as they dressed the bride, others waved a welcome to those who came and went on various errands in garden, porch, and hall, and all, from the rosiest full-blown flower to the palest baby bud, offered their tribute of beauty and fragrance to the gentle mistress who had loved and tended them so long.
Meg looked very like a rose herself, for all that was best and sweetest in heart and soul seemed to bloom into her face that day, making it fair and tender, with a charm more beautiful than beauty.
Neither silk, lace, nor orange flowers would she have.
"I don't want a fashionable wedding, but only those about me whom I love, and to them I wish to look and be my familiar self."
So she made her wedding gown herself, sewing into it the tender hopes and innocent romances of a girlish heart.
Her sisters braided up her pretty hair, and the only ornaments she wore were the lilies of the valley, which 'her John' liked best of all the flowers that grew.
"You do look just like our own dear Meg, only so very sweet and lovely that I should hug you if it wouldn't crumple your dress," cried Amy, surveying her with delight when all was done.
"Then I am satisfied.
But please hug and kiss me, everyone, and don't mind my dress.

"Come on let's go to bed.
Mr. Claiborne asked us, and he's the head of this household.
It isn't anybody's business what we came for."
"I'll slip off my shoes and lie down till Babe ties up the dog in the morning," said Ross.
"Then we can get away before any of the family is up."
Oh, youth youth youth, with its rash promises!
Worn out with misery the boys slept heavily.
The first sound that either heard in the morning was Babe hammering upon their bedroom door.
They crouched guiltily and looked into each other's eyes.
"Let pretend we ain't here and he'll go away," breathed Abner.
But Babe was made of sterner stuff.
He rattled the knob.

cried Patty.
"'About four o'clock,' said the old man, smiling.
'I'm only going up yonder.'
"And, nodding, and smiling as he went, he passed away down the lane.
"'Up yonder.'
This puzzled us.
Father Christmas had pointed, but so indefinitely, that he might have been pointing to the sky, or the fields, or the little wood at the end of the Squire's grounds.
I thought the latter, and suggested to Patty that perhaps he had some place underground, like Aladdin's cave, where he got the candles, and all the pretty things for the tree.
This idea pleased us both, and we amused ourselves by wondering what Old Father Christmas would choose for us from his stores in that wonderful hole where he dressed his Christmas-trees.
"'I wonder, Patty,' said I, 'why there's no picture of Father Christmas's dog in the book.'
For at the old man's heels in the lane there crept a little brown and white spaniel, looking very dirty in the snow.
"'Perhaps it's a new dog that he's got to take care of his cave,' said Patty.

"Have you brains?"
asked the Scarecrow.
"I suppose so.
I've never looked to see," replied the Lion.
"I am going to the Great Oz to ask him to give me some," remarked the Scarecrow, "for my head is stuffed with straw."
"And I am going to ask him to give me a heart," said the Woodman.
"And I am going to ask him to send Toto and me back to Kansas," added Dorothy.
"Do you think Oz could give me courage?"
asked the Cowardly Lion.
"Just as easily as he could give me brains," said the Scarecrow.
"Or give me a heart," said the Tin Woodman.
"Or send me back to Kansas," said Dorothy.

Great applause as Mr. Weller deposited a little key on the table and subsided, the warming pan clashed and waved wildly, and it was some time before order could be restored.
A long discussion followed, and everyone came out surprising, for everyone did her best.
So it was an unusually lively meeting, and did not adjourn till a late hour, when it broke up with three shrill cheers for the new member.
No one ever regretted the admittance of Sam Weller, for a more devoted, well-behaved, and jovial member no club could have.
He certainly did add 'spirit' to the meetings, and 'a tone' to the paper, for his orations convulsed his hearers and his contributions were excellent, being patriotic, classical, comical, or dramatic, but never sentimental.
Jo regarded them as worthy of Bacon, Milton, or Shakespeare, and remodeled her own works with good effect, she thought.
The P.  O.  was a capital little institution, and flourished wonderfully, for nearly as many queer things passed through it as through the real post office.
Tragedies and cravats, poetry and pickles, garden seeds and long letters, music and gingerbread, rubbers, invitations, scoldings, and puppies.
The old gentleman liked the fun, and amused himself by sending odd bundles, mysterious messages, and funny telegrams, and his gardener, who was smitten with Hannah's charms, actually sent a love letter to Jo's care.
How they laughed when the secret came out, never dreaming how many love letters that little post office would hold in the years to come.
CHAPTER ELEVEN 
EXPERIMENTS 
"The first of June!
The Kings are off to the seashore tomorrow, and I'm free.

"But isn't everything here green?"
asked Dorothy.
"No more than in any other city," replied Oz; "but when you wear green spectacles, why of course everything you see looks green to you.
The Emerald City was built a great many years ago, for I was a young man when the balloon brought me here, and I am a very old man now.
But my people have worn green glasses on their eyes so long that most of them think it really is an Emerald City, and it certainly is a beautiful place, abounding in jewels and precious metals, and every good thing that is needed to make one happy.
I have been good to the people, and they like me; but ever since this Palace was built, I have shut myself up and would not see any of them.
"One of my greatest fears was the Witches, for while I had no magical powers at all I soon found out that the Witches were really able to do wonderful things.
There were four of them in this country, and they ruled the people who live in the North and South and East and West.
Fortunately, the Witches of the North and South were good, and I knew they would do me no harm; but the Witches of the East and West were terribly wicked, and had they not thought I was more powerful than they themselves, they would surely have destroyed me.
As it was, I lived in deadly fear of them for many years; so you can imagine how pleased I was when I heard your house had fallen on the Wicked Witch of the East.
When you came to me, I was willing to promise anything if you would only do away with the other Witch; but, now that you have melted her, I am ashamed to say that I cannot keep my promises."
"I think you are a very bad man," said Dorothy.

But at last she was still, only moaning a little in her sleep.
Now the boy stole out, rose gradually by the bedside, shaded the candle-light with his hand, and stood regarding her.
His heart was full of pity for her.
He took out his sycamore scroll and placed it by the candle.
But something occurred to him, and he lingered considering.
His face lighted with a happy solution of his thought; he put the bark hastily in his pocket.
Then he bent over and kissed the faded lips, and straightway made his stealthy exit, latching the door behind him.
He threaded his way back to the ferry landing, found nobody at large there, and walked boldly on board the boat, for he knew she was tenantless except that there was a watchman, who always turned in and slept like a graven image.
He untied the skiff at the stern, slipped into it, and was soon rowing cautiously upstream.
When he had pulled a mile above the village, he started quartering across and bent himself stoutly to his work.
He hit the landing on the other side neatly, for this was a familiar bit of work to him.
He was moved to capture the skiff, arguing that it might be considered a ship and therefore legitimate prey for a pirate, but he knew a thorough search would be made for it and that might end in revelations.

First Councilman.
Who is this who dares to come into the Mayor's office without an introduction?
Second Councilman.
Hasn't he a funny coat?
Third Councilman.
But what a pleasant face!
He smiles all the time.
Mayor.
He looks like the picture of my grandsire.
What is your name, and your business, my man?
Pied Piper.
Please your honors, my name is Pied Piper.

"Oh, my poor brain!
oh, my poor brain!"
cried the jackal, wringing its paws.
"Let me see!
how did it all begin?
You were in the cage, and the tiger came walking by  "
"Pooh!"
interrupted the tiger, "what a fool you are!
I was in the cage."
"Of course!"
cried the jackal, pretending to tremble with fright; "yes!
I was in the cage no I wasn't dear!
dear!

CHAPTER 26.
Knights and Squires.
The chief mate of the Pequod was Starbuck, a native of Nantucket, and a Quaker by descent.
He was a long, earnest man, and though born on an icy coast, seemed well adapted to endure hot latitudes, his flesh being hard as twice-baked biscuit.
Transported to the Indies, his live blood would not spoil like bottled ale.
He must have been born in some time of general drought and famine, or upon one of those fast days for which his state is famous.
Only some thirty arid summers had he seen; those summers had dried up all his physical superfluousness.
But this, his thinness, so to speak, seemed no more the token of wasting anxieties and cares, than it seemed the indication of any bodily blight.
It was merely the condensation of the man.
He was by no means ill-looking; quite the contrary.
His pure tight skin was an excellent fit; and closely wrapped up in it, and embalmed with inner health and strength, like a revivified Egyptian, this Starbuck seemed prepared to endure for long ages to come, and to endure always, as now; for be it Polar snow or torrid sun, like a patent chronometer, his interior vitality was warranted to do well in all climates.
Looking into his eyes, you seemed to see there the yet lingering images of those thousand-fold perils he had calmly confronted through life.

There were dames with their kerchiefs tied over their caps,   To see if their poultry were free from mishaps;   The turkeys, they gobbled, the geese screamed aloud,   And the hens crept to roost in a terrified crowd;   There was rearing of ladders, and logs laying on,   Where the thatch from the roof threatened soon to be gone.
But the wind had passed on, and had met in a lane   With a schoolboy, who panted and struggled in vain,   For it tossed him, and twirled him, then passed, and he stood   With his hat in a pool, and his shoe in the mud.
WILLIAM HOWITT 
 
THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD 
  They grew in beauty, side by side,     They filled one home with glee;   Their graves are severed far and wide,     By mount, and stream, and sea.
The same fond mother bent at night     O'er each fair, sleeping brow;   She had each folded flower in sight:
    Where are those sleepers now?
One, midst the forest of the West,     By a dark stream is laid;   The Indian knows his place of rest,     Far in the cedar shade.
The sea, the blue, lone sea, hath one;     He lies where pearls lie deep;   He was the loved of all, yet none     O'er his low bed may weep.
One sleeps where southern vines are dressed     Above the noble slain;   He wrapped the colors round his breast     On a blood-red field of Spain.
And one o'er her the myrtle showers     Its leaves by soft winds fanned;   She faded midst Italian flowers 
    The last of that fair band.
And parted thus, they rest who played     Beneath the same green tree;   Whose voices mingled as they prayed     Around one parent knee.
They that with smiles lit up the hall,     And cheered with song the hearth;   Alas for love!
if thou wert all,     And naught beyond, O earth!
FELICIA DOROTHEA HEMANS 
 
WE ARE SEVEN 
          ... A simple child         That lightly draws its breath,       And feels its life in every limb,         What should it know of death?

The stranger kept hanging about just inside the inn door, peering round the corner like a cat waiting for a mouse.
Once I stepped out myself into the road, but he immediately called me back, and as I did not obey quick enough for his fancy, a most horrible change came over his tallowy face, and he ordered me in with an oath that made me jump.
As soon as I was back again he returned to his former manner, half fawning, half sneering, patted me on the shoulder, told me I was a good boy and he had taken quite a fancy to me.
“I have a son of my own,” said he, “as like you as two blocks, and he's all the pride of my 'art.
But the great thing for boys is discipline, sonny discipline.
Now, if you had sailed along of Bill, you wouldn't have stood there to be spoke to twice not you.
That was never Bill's way, nor the way of sich as sailed with him.
And here, sure enough, is my mate Bill, with a spy-glass under his arm, bless his old 'art, to be sure.
You and me'll just go back into the parlour, sonny, and get behind the door, and we'll give Bill a little surprise bless his 'art, I say again.”
So saying, the stranger backed along with me into the parlour and put me behind him in the corner so that we were both hidden by the open door.
I was very uneasy and alarmed, as you may fancy, and it rather added to my fears to observe that the stranger was certainly frightened himself.
He cleared the hilt of his cutlass and loosened the blade in the sheath; and all the time we were waiting there he kept swallowing as if he felt what we used to call a lump in the throat.
At last in strode the captain, slammed the door behind him, without looking to the right or left, and marched straight across the room to where his breakfast awaited him.

Then shall I be restored to his favour, and maybe he will forgive my mother also."
"Have no fear," answered Rupa-Sikha: "all will surely go well with us.
Forget not that new powers have been given to me, which will save us from my father and aid me to rescue my dear one's mother from her evil fate."
Before the dawn broke on the next day, the two set forth unattended, Marut seeming to take pride in his double burden and bearing them along so swiftly that they had all but reached the bounds of the country under the dominion of Agni-Sikha as the sun rose.
Just as they thought they were safe from pursuit, they heard a loud rushing noise behind; and looking round, they saw the father of the bride close upon them on his Arab steed, with sword uplifted in his hand to strike.
"Fear not,"
whispered Rupa-Sikha to her husband.
"I will show you now what I can do."
And waving her arms to and fro, as she muttered some strange words, she changed herself into an old woman and Sringa-Bhuja into an old man, whilst Marut became a great pile of wood by the road-side.
When the angry father reached the spot, the bride and bridegroom were busily gathering sticks to add to the pile, seemingly too absorbed in their work to take any notice of the angry magician, who shouted out to them:
"Have you seen a man and a woman pass along this way?"
The old woman straightened herself, and peering, up into his face, said:
"No; we are too busy over our work to notice anything else."
"And what, pray, are you doing in my wood?"
asked Agni-Sikha.

YOU are perfectly right, and I shall remember it; but now you must tell me all YOU saw!”
“Everything!” said the shadow.
“For I saw everything, and I know everything!”
“How did it look in the furthest saloon?” asked the learned man.
“Was it there as in the fresh woods?
Was it there as in a holy church?
Were the saloons like the starlit firmament when we stand on the high mountains?”
“Everything was there!” said the shadow.
“I did not go quite in, I remained in the foremost room, in the twilight, but I stood there quite well; I saw everything, and I know everything!
I have been in the antechamber at the court of Poesy.”
“But WHAT DID you see?
Did all the gods of the olden times pass through the large saloons?
Did the old heroes combat there?
Did sweet children play there, and relate their dreams?”
“I tell you I was there, and you can conceive that I saw everything there was to be seen.
Had you come over there, you would not have been a man; but I became so!
And besides, I learned to know my inward nature, my innate qualities, the relationship I had with Poesy.

Fill to this mark, and your charge is but a penny; to this a penny more; and so on to the full glass—the Cape Horn measure, which you may gulp down for a shilling.
Upon entering the place I found a number of young seamen gathered about a table, examining by a dim light divers specimens of skrimshander.
I sought the landlord, and telling him I desired to be accommodated with a room, received for answer that his house was full—not a bed unoccupied.
“But avast,” he added, tapping his forehead, “you haint no objections to sharing a harpooneer’s blanket, have ye?
I s’pose you are goin’ a-whalin’, so you’d better get used to that sort of thing.”
I told him that I never liked to sleep two in a bed; that if I should ever do so, it would depend upon who the harpooneer might be, and that if he (the landlord) really had no other place for me, and the harpooneer was not decidedly objectionable, why rather than wander further about a strange town on so bitter a night, I would put up with the half of any decent man’s blanket.
“I thought so.
All right; take a seat.
Supper?—you want supper?
Supper’ll be ready directly.”
I sat down on an old wooden settle, carved all over like a bench on the Battery.
At one end a ruminating tar was still further adorning it with his jack-knife, stooping over and diligently working away at the space between his legs.
He was trying his hand at a ship under full sail, but he didn’t make much headway, I thought.
At last some four or five of us were summoned to our meal in an adjoining room.

At first, he slept heavily, but, by degrees, began to roll and surge in bed, until he rose above the surface, with his spiky hair looking as if it must tear the sheets to ribbons.
At which juncture, he exclaimed, in a voice of dire exasperation:
“Bust me, if she ain't at it agin!”
A woman of orderly and industrious appearance rose from her knees in a corner, with sufficient haste and trepidation to show that she was the person referred to.
“What!” said Mr. Cruncher, looking out of bed for a boot.
“You're at it agin, are you?”
After hailing the morn with this second salutation, he threw a boot at the woman as a third.
It was a very muddy boot, and may introduce the odd circumstance connected with Mr. Cruncher's domestic economy, that, whereas he often came home after banking hours with clean boots, he often got up next morning to find the same boots covered with clay.
“What,” said Mr. Cruncher, varying his apostrophe after missing his mark “what are you up to, Aggerawayter?”
“I was only saying my prayers.”
“Saying your prayers!
You're a nice woman!
What do you mean by flopping yourself down and praying agin me?”
“I was not praying against you; I was praying for you.”
“You weren't.
And if you were, I won't be took the liberty with.
Here!
your mother's a nice woman, young Jerry, going a praying agin your father's prosperity.
You've got a dutiful mother, you have, my son.

Here he lived, mending his own clothes, brushing his own boots.
He had no visitors, for his grand friends would not take the trouble to walk up so many stairs to his little attic.
Hungry?
Yes, he was hungry too, and as he had no money to buy even a farthing candle, he had to sit alone in the dark.
One evening he suddenly thought of the witch's tinder-box.
Surely in it there were matches.
The soldier opened it eagerly.
Yes, there lay the matches.
He seized one and struck it on the tinder-box.
No sooner had he done this, than the door burst suddenly open, and there, there, staring at him, stood the dog with eyes as big as saucers.
"What does my master command?"
asked the dog.

It is a wise saying which says that 'Advantage on earth is better than advantage in Heaven!'
Union amongst ourselves is better than any earthly gain.
When we are not at peace amongst ourselves it is no easy thing to subdue an enemy.
From now, you three, the dog, the monkey and the pheasant, must be friends with one mind.
The one who first begins a quarrel will be discharged on the spot!"
All the three promised not to quarrel.
The pheasant was now made a member of Momotaro's suite, and received half a cake.
Momotaro's influence was so great that the three became good friends, and hurried onwards with him as their leader.
Hurrying on day after day they at last came out upon the shore of the North-Eastern Sea.
There was nothing to be seen as far as the horizon not a sign of any island.
All that broke the stillness was the rolling of the waves upon the shore.
Now, the dog and the monkey and the pheasant had come very bravely all the way through the long valleys and over the hills, but they had never seen the sea before, and for the first time since they set out they were bewildered and gazed at each other in silence.

I am ready to forgive you, in consideration of your position; but I confess I thought better of you.
I thought you were wiser, and more beautiful, too; I did, indeed!
Well, take your treasure!
See, he is gazing at you, he can’t recollect himself.
Take him, but on one condition; go away at once, this instant!”
She fell back into a chair, and burst into tears.
But suddenly some new expression blazed in her eyes.
She stared fixedly at Aglaya, and rose from her seat.
“Or would you like me to bid him, bid him, do you hear, command him, now, at once, to throw you up, and remain mine for ever?
Shall I?
He will stay, and he will marry me too, and you shall trot home all alone.
Shall I?
shall I say the word?” she screamed like a madwoman, scarcely believing herself that she could really pronounce such wild words.

Only true friends count, after all.”
“It’s true, Lamp-Wick, it’s true.
If today I am a really happy boy, it is all because of you.
And to think that the teacher, when speaking of you, used to say, ‘Do not go with that Lamp-Wick!
He is a bad companion and some day he will lead you astray.’”
“Poor teacher!” answered the other, nodding his head.
“Indeed I know how much he disliked me and how he enjoyed speaking ill of me.
But I am of a generous nature, and I gladly forgive him.”
“Great soul!” said Pinocchio, fondly embracing his friend.
Five months passed and the boys continued playing and enjoying themselves from morn till night, without ever seeing a book, or a desk, or a school.
But, my children, there came a morning when Pinocchio awoke and found a great surprise awaiting him, a surprise which made him feel very unhappy, as you shall see.
CHAPTER 32 
Pinocchio’s ears become like those of a Donkey.
In a little while he changes into a real Donkey and begins to bray.
Everyone, at one time or another, has found some surprise awaiting him.
Of the kind which Pinocchio had on that eventful morning of his life, there are but few.

Menendez later on founded in 1565 the colony of St. Augustine, the oldest town in the United States.
There are other towns that look older, but it is on account of dissipation.
New York looks older, but it is because she always sat up later of nights than St. Augustine did.
Cortez was one of the coarsest men who visited this country.
He did not marry any wealthy American girls, for there were none, but he did everything else that was wrong, and his unpaid laundry-bills are still found all over the Spanish-speaking countries.
He was especially lawless and cruel to the Peruvians: "recognizing the Peruvian at once by his bark," he would treat him with great indignity, instead of using other things which he had with him.
Cortez had a way of capturing the most popular man in a city, and then he would call on the tax-payers to redeem him on the instalment plan.
Most everybody hated Cortez, and when he held religious services the neighbors did not attend.
The religious efforts made by Cortez were not successful.
He killed a great many people, but converted but few.
The historian desires at this time to speak briefly of the methods of Cortez from a commercial stand-point.
Will the reader be good enough to cast his eye on the Cortez securities as shown in the picture drawn from memory by an artist yet a perfect gentleman?

"And look here; when you are hard up for a bit of bread, you can come in here and ask for it.
I'm blest if I won't give it to you for that young one's sake."
*    *    *
Sara found some comfort in her remaining bun.
At all events, it was very hot, and it was better than nothing.
As she walked along she broke off small pieces and ate them slowly to make them last longer.
"Suppose it was a magic bun," she said, "and a bite was as much as a whole dinner.
I should be overeating myself if I went on like this."
It was dark when she reached the square where the Select Seminary was situated.
The lights in the houses were all lighted.
The blinds were not yet drawn in the windows of the room where she nearly always caught glimpses of members of the Large Family.
Frequently at this hour she could see the gentleman she called Mr. Montmorency sitting in a big chair, with a small swarm round him, talking, laughing, perching on the arms of his seat or on his knees or leaning against them.
This evening the swarm was about him, but he was not seated.

Afterwards he led her through fragrant gardens and lofty halls, but not a smile appeared on her lips or sparkled in her eyes.
She looked the very picture of grief.
Then the king opened the door of a little chamber in which she was to sleep.
It was adorned with rich green tapestry and resembled the cave in which he had found her.
On the floor lay the bundle of flax which she had spun from the nettles, and under the ceiling hung the coat she had made.
These things had been brought away from the cave as curiosities, by one of the huntsmen.
"Here you can dream yourself back again in the old home in the cave,"
said the king; "here is the work with which you employed yourself.
It will amuse you now, in the midst of all this splendor, to think of that time."
When Eliza saw all these things which lay so near her heart, a smile played around her mouth, and the crimson blood rushed to her cheeks.
The thought of her brothers and their release made her so joyful that she kissed the king's hand.
Then he pressed her to his heart.
Very soon the joyous church bells announced the marriage feast; the beautiful dumb girl of the woods was to be made queen of the country.

It evidently drew nearer; for, at every instant, this wonderful object became larger and more lustrous.
At length, it had come so nigh that Hercules discovered it to be an immense cup or bowl, made either of gold or burnished brass.
How it had got afloat upon the sea is more than I can tell you.
There it was, at all events, rolling on the tumultuous billows, which tossed it up and down, and heaved their foamy tops against its sides, but without ever throwing their spray over the brim.
"I have seen many giants, in my time," thought Hercules, "but never one that would need to drink his wine out of a cup like this!"
And, true enough, what a cup it must have been!
It was as large as large but, in short, I am afraid to say how immeasurably large it was.
To speak within bounds, it was ten times larger than a great mill-wheel; and, all of metal as it was, it floated over the heaving surges more lightly than an acorn-cup adown the brook.
The waves tumbled it onward, until it grazed against the shore, within a short distance of the spot where Hercules was standing.
As soon as this happened, he knew what was to be done; for he had not gone through so many remarkable adventures without learning pretty well how to conduct himself, whenever anything came to pass a little out of the common rule.
It was just as clear as daylight that this marvelous cup had been set adrift by some unseen power, and guided hitherward, in order to carry Hercules across the sea, on his way to the garden of the Hesperides.
Accordingly, without a moment's delay, he clambered over the brim, and slid down on the inside, where, spreading out his lion's skin, he proceeded to take a little repose.

Lord!
nothing seems to do her any good.
I am sure if I knew of any thing she would like, I would send all over the town for it.
Well, it is the oddest thing to me, that a man should use such a pretty girl so ill!
But when there is plenty of money on one side, and next to none on the other, Lord bless you!
they care no more about such things! "
"The lady then Miss Grey I think you called her is very rich?"
"Fifty thousand pounds, my dear.
Did you ever see her?
a smart, stylish girl they say, but not handsome.
I remember her aunt very well, Biddy Henshawe; she married a very wealthy man.
But the family are all rich together.

The duke leant back from his desk with a look of painful surprise on his face.
"Not enter parliament?"
he exclaimed.
"Every Lord Montacute has gone into the House of Commons before taking his seat in the House of Lords.
It is an excellent training."
"I am not anxious to enter the House of Lords either," said Tancred.
"And I hope, my dear father," he added, with a smile that lit up his young, grave, beautiful face, "that it will be very, very long before I succeed to your place there."
"What, then, do you intend to do, my boy?"
said Bellamont, in intense perplexity.
"You are the heir to one of the greatest positions in the state, and you have duties to perform.
How are you going to fit yourself for them?"
"That is what I have been thinking of for years," said Tancred.

When Hans saw them with his own eyes sinking to the bottom, he jumped for joy, and then knelt down, and with tears in his eyes thanked God for having shown him this favour also, and delivered him in so good a way, and without his having any need to reproach himself, from those heavy stones which had been the only things that troubled him.
“There is no man under the sun so fortunate as I,” he cried out.
With a light heart and free from every burden he now ran on until he was with his mother at home.
84 Hans Married 
There was once upon a time a young peasant named Hans, whose uncle wanted to find him a rich wife.
He therefore seated Hans behind the stove, and had it made very hot.
Then he fetched a pot of milk and plenty of white bread, gave him a bright newly-coined farthing in his hand, and said, “Hans, hold that farthing fast, crumble the white bread into the milk, and stay where you are, and do not stir from that spot till I come back.” “Yes,” said Hans, “I will do all that.” Then the wooer put on a pair of old patched trousers, went to a rich peasant’s daughter in the next village, and said, “Won’t you marry my nephew Hans—you will get an honest and sensible man who will suit you?” The covetous father asked, “How is it with regard to his means?
Has he bread to break?” “Dear friend,” replied the wooer, “my young nephew has a snug berth, a nice bit of money in hand, and plenty of bread to break, besides he has quite as many patches as I have,” (and as he spoke, he slapped the patches on his trousers, but in that district small pieces of land were called patches also.)
“If you will give yourself the trouble to go home with me, you shall see at once that all is as I have said.” Then the miser did not want to lose this good opportunity, and said, “If that is the case, I have nothing further to say against the marriage.”
So the wedding was celebrated on the appointed day, and when the young wife went out of doors to see the bridegroom’s property, Hans took off his Sunday coat and put on his patched smock-frock and said, “I might spoil my good coat.” Then together they went out and wherever a boundary line came in sight, or fields and meadows were divided from each other, Hans pointed with his finger and then slapped either a large or a small patch on his smock-frock, and said, “That patch is mine, and that too, my dearest, just look at it,” meaning thereby that his wife should not stare at the broad land, but look at his garment, which was his own.
“Were you indeed at the wedding?” “Yes, indeed I was there, and in full dress.
My head-dress was of snow; then the sun came out, and it was melted.
My coat was of cobwebs, and I had to pass by some thorns which tore it off me, my shoes were of glass, and I pushed against a stone and they said, “Klink,” and broke in two.
85 The Gold-Children 
There was once a poor man and a poor woman who had nothing but a little cottage, and who earned their bread by fishing, and always lived from hand to mouth.

But Jo got out her desk and began to overhaul her half-finished manuscripts.
An hour afterward her mother peeped in and there she was, scratching away, with her black pinafore on, and an absorbed expression, which caused Mrs. March to smile and slip away, well pleased with the success of her suggestion.
Jo never knew how it happened, but something got into that story that went straight to the hearts of those who read it, for when her family had laughed and cried over it, her father sent it, much against her will, to one of the popular magazines, and to her utter surprise, it was not only paid for, but others requested.
Letters from several persons, whose praise was honor, followed the appearance of the little story, newspapers copied it, and strangers as well as friends admired it.
For a small thing it was a great success, and Jo was more astonished than when her novel was commended and condemned all at once.
"I don't understand it.
What can there be in a simple little story like that to make people praise it so?"
she said, quite bewildered.
"There is truth in it, Jo, that's the secret.
Humor and pathos make it alive, and you have found your style at last.
You wrote with no thoughts of fame and money, and put your heart into it, my daughter.
You have had the bitter, now comes the sweet.

"These must certainly be my comrades," said Ulysses.
"I recognize their dispositions.
They are hardly worth the trouble of changing them into the human form again.
Nevertheless, we will have it done, lest their bad example should corrupt the other hogs.
Let them take their original shapes, therefore, Dame Circe, if your skill is equal to the task.
It will require greater magic, I trow, than it did to make swine of them."
So Circe waved her wand again, and repeated a few magic words, at the sound of which the two and twenty hogs pricked up their pendulous ears.
It was a wonder to behold how their snouts grew shorter and shorter, and their mouths (which they seemed to be sorry for, because they could not gobble so expeditiously) smaller and smaller, and how one and another began to stand upon his hind legs, and scratch his nose with his fore trotters.
At first the spectators hardly knew whether to call them hogs or men, but by and by came to the conclusion that they rather resembled the latter.
Finally, there stood the twenty-two comrades of Ulysses, looking pretty much the same as when they left the vessel.
You must not imagine, however, that the swinish quality had entirely gone out of them.
When once it fastens itself into a person's character, it is very difficult getting rid of it.

You must bring them all here to me for a week, and I will feast them all."
The King was delighted with this letter, and ordered all the men, women, and children of all castes, fakirs, and sepoys, in his country to go to the prince's camp to a grand feast the prince would give them.
So they all came, and the King brought his four wives too.
All came, at least all but the gardener's daughter.
No one had told her to go to the feast, for no one had thought of her.
When all the people were assembled, the prince saw his mother was not there, and he asked the King, "Has every one in your country come to my feast?"
"Yes, every one," said the King.
"Are you sure of that?"
asked the prince.
"Quite sure," answered the King.
"I am sure one woman has not come," said the prince.
"She is your gardener's daughter, who was once your wife and is now a servant in your palace."

At last they could manage no more, but just as they were going indoors they caught sight of a large rose at the other end of the garden.
It was many times prettier than any they had gathered, so they must have that also.
But just as they bent down to take the rose a big dense snowdrift came and carried them away.
There was great mourning over the whole country, and the King made known from all the churches that any one who could save the Princesses should have half the kingdom and his golden crown and whichever princess he liked to choose.
You can well understand there were plenty who wanted to gain half the kingdom, and a princess into the bargain; so there were people of both high and low degree who set out for all parts of the country.
But there was no one who could find the Princesses, or even get any tidings of them.
When all the grand and rich people in the country had had their turn, a captain and a lieutenant came to the Palace, and wanted to try their luck.
The King fitted them out both with silver and gold, and wished them success on their journey.
Then came a soldier, who lived with his mother in a little cottage some way from the Palace.
He had dreamt one night that he also was trying to find the Princesses.
When the morning came he still remembered what he had dreamt, and told his mother about it.
"Some witchery must have got hold of you," said the woman, "but you must dream the same thing three nights running, else there is nothing in it."

Before reaching the mountain-top, these three black smoke-wreaths mingled themselves into one.
The cavern was almost directly beneath the winged horse and his rider, at the distance of about a thousand feet.
The smoke, as it crept heavily upward, had an ugly, sulphurous, stifling scent, which caused Pegasus to snort and Bellerophon to sneeze.
So disagreeable was it to the marvelous steed (who was accustomed to breathe only the purest air), that he waved his wings, and shot half a mile out of the range of this offensive vapor.
But, on looking behind him, Bellerophon saw something that induced him first to draw the bridle, and then to turn Pegasus about.
He made a sign, which the winged horse understood, and sunk slowly through the air, until his hoofs were scarcely more than a man's height above the rocky bottom of the valley.
In front, as far off as you could throw a stone, was the cavern's mouth, with the three smoke-wreaths oozing out of it.
And what else did Bellerophon behold there?
There seemed to be a heap of strange and terrible creatures curled up within the cavern.
Their bodies lay so close together, that Bellerophon could not distinguish them apart; but, judging by their heads, one of these creatures was a huge snake, the second a fierce lion, and the third an ugly goat.
The lion and the goat were asleep; the snake was broad awake, and kept staring around him with a great pair of fiery eyes.
But and this was the most wonderful part of the matter the three spires of smoke evidently issued from the nostrils of these three heads!

Them as is not wanted scarce ever thrives.
Mester Craven he’d buy anythin’ as money could buy for th’
poor lad but he’d like to forget as he’s on earth.
For one thing, he’s afraid he’ll look at him some day and find he’s growed hunchback.”
“Colin’s so afraid of it himself that he won’t sit up,” said Mary.
“He says he’s always thinking that if he should feel a lump coming he should go crazy and scream himself to death.”
“Eh!
he oughtn’t to lie there thinkin’ things like that,” said Dickon.
“No lad could get well as thought them sort o’ things.”
The fox was lying on the grass close by him, looking up to ask for a pat now and then, and Dickon bent down and rubbed his neck softly and thought a few minutes in silence.
Presently he lifted his head and looked round the garden.
“When first we got in here,” he said, “it seemed like everything was gray.
Look round now and tell me if tha’ doesn’t see a difference.”
Mary looked and caught her breath a little.
“Why!” she cried, “the gray wall is changing.
It is as if a green mist were creeping over it.
It’s almost like a green gauze veil.”
“Aye,” said Dickon.

I don't want to go back; as likely as not he'll be angry."
"Go, all the same," said the woman.
"He can do it easily enough, and willingly into the bargain.
Just go!"
The man's heart was heavy, and he was very unwilling to go.
He said to himself: "It's not right."
But at last he went.
He found the sea was no longer green; it was still calm, but dark violet and gray.
He stood by it and said:
  "Flounder, flounder in the sea,   Prythee, hearken unto me:
  My wife, Ilsebil, will have her own way   Whatever I wish, whatever I say."
"Now, what do you want?"
said the flounder.
"Alas," said the man, half scared, "my wife wants a big stone castle."

Dickon looked more puzzled than ever and even rubbed his hand over his rough head again, but he answered quite good-humoredly.
“I’m keepin’ secrets all th’ time,” he said.
“If I couldn’t keep secrets from th’ other lads, secrets about foxes’ cubs, an’ birds’
nests, an’ wild things’ holes, there’d be naught safe on th’ moor.
Aye, I can keep secrets.”
Mistress Mary did not mean to put out her hand and clutch his sleeve but she did it.
“I’ve stolen a garden,” she said very fast.
“It isn’t mine.
It isn’t anybody’s.
Nobody wants it, nobody cares for it, nobody ever goes into it.
Perhaps everything is dead in it already.
I don’t know.”
She began to feel hot and as contrary as she had ever felt in her life.
“I don’t care, I don’t care!
Nobody has any right to take it from me when I care about it and they don’t.

The general grunted with irritation; Ptitsin and Totski barely restrained their smiles.
The rest all sat listening, open-mouthed with wonder.
“But perhaps we shall not be poor; we may be very rich, Nastasia Philipovna,” continued the prince, in the same timid, quivering tones.
“I don’t know for certain, and I’m sorry to say I haven’t had an opportunity of finding out all day; but I received a letter from Moscow, while I was in Switzerland, from a Mr. Salaskin, and he acquaints me with the fact that I am entitled to a very large inheritance.
This letter ”
The prince pulled a letter out of his pocket.
“Is he raving?” said the general.
“Are we really in a mad-house?”
There was silence for a moment.
Then Ptitsin spoke.
“I think you said, prince, that your letter was from Salaskin?
Salaskin is a very eminent man, indeed, in his own world; he is a wonderfully clever solicitor, and if he really tells you this, I think you may be pretty sure that he is right.
It so happens, luckily, that I know his handwriting, for I have lately had business with him.
If you would allow me to see it, I should perhaps be able to tell you.”
The prince held out the letter silently, but with a shaking hand.

As for Miltiades, he was ten times tougher than in life, and Eph's carving knife slipped from his form without making a dent.
Aunt Tildy wept at this, and Fisherman Jones and the inventor looked blank enough, but there was no sorrow in the countenance of Eph.
He cheered Aunt Tildy, and he cracked jokes that made even Fisherman Jones laugh.
"Why, bless you!"
he said, "ever since I was a boy I've been looking for a chance to make a Thanksgiving dinner out of bread and milk.
And now I've got it.
Why, I wouldn't have missed this for anything!"
And there came a knock at the door.
Even Eph looked a trifle blank at this.
If it should be company!
"Come in!"
he called.

Pennsylvania especially rebelled at the tax on this grocery, but it was put down.
(Those wishing to know which was put down will find out by consulting the Appendix, which will be issued a year from this winter.)
A few Indian wars now kept the people interested, and a large number of the red brothers, under Little Turtle, soon found themselves in the soup, as Washington put it so tersely in his message the following year.
Twenty-five thousand square miles north of the Ohio were obtained by treaty from the Indians.
England claimed that traffic with America was not desirable, as the Americans did not pay their debts.
Possibly that was true, for muskrat pelts were low at that time, and England refused to take cord-wood and saw-logs piled on the New York landing as cash.
Chief-Justice Jay was sent to London to confer with the king, which he did.
He was not invited, however, to come to the house during his stay, and the queen did not call on Mrs. Jay.
The Jays have never recovered from this snub, and are still gently guyed by the comic papers.
But the treaty was negotiated, and now the Americans are said to pay their debts as well as the nobility who marry our American girls instead of going into bankruptcy, as some would do.
The Mississippi and the Mediterranean Sea were opened for navigation to American vessels now, and things looked better, for we could by this means exchange our cranberries for sugar and barter our Indian relics for camel's-hair shawls, of which the pioneers were very much in need during the rigorous winters in the North.
The French now had a difficulty with England, and Washington, who still remembered La Fayette and the generous aid of the French, wished that he was back at Mount Vernon, working out his poll-tax on the Virginia roads, for he was in a tight place.

I sat on a chair and kept my legs tucked under me.
Then the beast crawled quietly across the room and disappeared somewhere near my chair.
I looked about for it in terror, but I still hoped that as my feet were safely tucked away it would not be able to touch me.
“Suddenly I heard behind me, and about on a level with my head, a sort of rattling sound.
I turned sharp round and saw that the brute had crawled up the wall as high as the level of my face, and that its horrible tail, which was moving incredibly fast from side to side, was actually touching my hair!
I jumped up and it disappeared.
I did not dare lie down on my bed for fear it should creep under my pillow.
My mother came into the room, and some friends of hers.
They began to hunt for the reptile and were more composed than I was; they did not seem to be afraid of it.
But they did not understand as I did.
“Suddenly the monster reappeared; it crawled slowly across the room and made for the door, as though with some fixed intention, and with a slow movement that was more horrible than ever.
“Then my mother opened the door and called my dog, Norma.

The young Rajah was neither in bed nor on his sofa.
He was sitting in an armchair and a young lamb was standing by him shaking its tail in feeding-lamb fashion as Dickon knelt giving it milk from its bottle.
A squirrel was perched on Dickon’s bent back attentively nibbling a nut.
The little girl from India was sitting on a big footstool looking on.
“Here is Mr. Roach, Master Colin,” said Mrs. Medlock.
The young Rajah turned and looked his servitor over—at least that was what the head gardener felt happened.
“Oh, you are Roach, are you?” he said.
“I sent for you to give you some very important orders.”
“Very good, sir,” answered Roach, wondering if he was to receive instructions to fell all the oaks in the park or to transform the orchards into water-gardens.
“I am going out in my chair this afternoon,” said Colin.
“If the fresh air agrees with me I may go out every day.
When I go, none of the gardeners are to be anywhere near the Long Walk by the garden walls.
No one is to be there.

"What let's do now?"
said the child.
They had had dinner; a most exciting dinner, all coming out of tin boxes and delightful china pots.
It was almost as good as Little Two-Eyes' feasts in "Little Kid Milk, Table Appear," as the child preferred to call the story.
The child shut her eyes and said what she wanted, and when she opened them, there it mostly was, standing on the table before her.
At least, that was the way it happened when she said chicken, and jam, and Albert biscuits; but when she said sponge cake, there was none, and the dwarf was mortified, and said he would tell the people they ought to be ashamed of themselves.
"Where all do you get them?"
asked the child.
"Do you stamp your foot on the floor, and say, 'JAM!'
like that, hard, just as loud as you can?
do you?
does it come up pop through holes?

At this the four wives were very much frightened, and as soon as the King came home from hunting they said to him, "While you were away your dog came to our rooms, and tore our clothes and knocked about all our things.
We are afraid he will kill us."
"Do not be afraid," said the King.
"Eat your dinner and be happy.
I will have the dog shot to-morrow morning."
Then he ordered his servants to shoot the dog at dawn, but the dog heard him, and said to himself, "What shall I do?
The King intends to kill me.
I don't care about that, but what will become of the child if I am killed?
He will die.
But I will see if I cannot save him."
So when it was night, the dog ran to the King's cow, who was called Suri, and said to her, "Suri, I want to give you something, for the King has ordered me to be shot to-morrow.
Will you take great care of whatever I give you?"

"Awfully, sometimes.
Have to lay down all day, and can't do a thing."
"Do you cry?"
"No!
I'm too big for that.
I whistle."
"I know I shall like you, because you are brave!"
cried the impetuous voice, with its pretty accent; and then an orange came tumbling through the hole, as if the new acquaintance longed to do something to help the "ache."
"Isn't that a rouser!
I do love 'em, but mother can't afford 'em often."
And Johnny took one delicious taste on the spot.
"Then I shall give you many.

Now, of course that suggested at once that there must be a communication between the two rooms.
It could only be a small one, or it would have been remarked upon at the coroner’s inquiry.
I deduced a ventilator.”
“But what harm can there be in that?”
“Well, there is at least a curious coincidence of dates.
A ventilator is made, a cord is hung, and a lady who sleeps in the bed dies.
Does not that strike you?”
“I cannot as yet see any connection.”
“Did you observe anything very peculiar about that bed?”
“No.”
“It was clamped to the floor.
Did you ever see a bed fastened like that before?”
“I cannot say that I have.”
“The lady could not move her bed.
It must always be in the same relative position to the ventilator and to the rope—or so we may call it, since it was clearly never meant for a bell-pull.”
“Holmes,” I cried, “I seem to see dimly what you are hinting at.
We are only just in time to prevent some subtle and horrible crime.”
“Subtle enough and horrible enough.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals.
He has nerve and he has knowledge.
Palmer and Pritchard were among the heads of their profession.
This man strikes even deeper, but I think, Watson, that we shall be able to strike deeper still.

“There ain't a thing left here,” said Merry, still feeling round among the bones; “not a copper doit nor a baccy box.
It don't look nat'ral to me.”
“No, by gum, it don't,” agreed Silver; “not nat'ral, nor not nice, says you.
Great guns!
Messmates, but if Flint was living, this would be a hot spot for you and me.
Six they were, and six are we; and bones is what they are now.”
“I saw him dead with these here deadlights,” said Morgan.
“Billy took me in.
There he laid, with penny-pieces on his eyes.”
“Dead aye, sure enough he's dead and gone below,” said the fellow with the bandage; “but if ever sperrit walked, it would be Flint's.
Dear heart, but he died bad, did Flint!”
“Aye, that he did,” observed another; “now he raged, and now he hollered for the rum, and now he sang.
'Fifteen Men' were his only song, mates; and I tell you true, I never rightly liked to hear it since.
It was main hot, and the windy was open, and I hear that old song comin' out as clear as clear and the death-haul on the man already.”
“Come, come,” said Silver; “stow this talk.
He's dead, and he don't walk, that I know; leastways, he won't walk by day, and you may lay to that.
Care killed a cat.

The elder traveler's brow, just then, assumed such a grave, stern, and awful grandeur, yet serene withal, that neither Baucis nor Philemon dared to speak a word.
They gazed reverently into his face, as if they had been gazing at the sky.
"When men do not feel towards the humblest stranger as if he were a brother," said the traveler, in tones so deep that they sounded like those of an organ, "they are unworthy to exist on earth, which was created as the abode of a great human brotherhood!"
"And, by the by, my dear old people," cried Quicksilver, with the liveliest look of fun and mischief in his eyes, "where is this same village that you talk about?
On which side of us does it lie?
Methinks I do not see it hereabouts."
Philemon and his wife turned towards the valley, where, at sunset, only the day before, they had seen the meadows, the houses, the gardens, the clumps of trees, the wide, green-margined street, with children playing in it, and all the tokens of business, enjoyment, and prosperity.
But what was their astonishment!
There was no longer any appearance of a village!
Even the fertile vale, in the hollow of which it lay, had ceased to have existence.
In its stead, they beheld the broad, blue surface of a lake, which filled the great basin of the valley from brim to brim, and reflected the surrounding hills in its bosom with as tranquil an image as if it had been there ever since the creation of the world.
For an instant, the lake remained perfectly smooth.

She said that you were to scoop me out of my shell with your paw.
Begin.’
‘You didn’t say she said that a minute ago, said Painted Jaguar, sucking the prickles out of his paddy-paw.
‘You said she said something quite different.’
‘Well, suppose you say that I said that she said something quite different, I don’t see that it makes any difference; because if she said what you said I said she said, it’s just the same as if I said what she said she said.
On the other hand, if you think she said that you were to uncoil me with a scoop, instead of pawing me into drops with a shell, I can’t help that, can I?’
‘But you said you wanted to be scooped out of your shell with my paw,’
said Painted Jaguar.
‘If you’ll think again you’ll find that I didn’t say anything of the kind.
I said that your mother said that you were to scoop me out of my shell,’ said Slow-and-Solid.
‘What will happen if I do?’ said the Jaguar most sniffily and most cautious.
‘I don’t know, because I’ve never been scooped out of my shell before; but I tell you truly, if you want to see me swim away you’ve only got to drop me into the water.
‘I don’t believe it,’ said Painted Jaguar.
‘You’ve mixed up all the things my mother told me to do with the things that you asked me whether I was sure that she didn’t say, till I don’t know whether I’m on my head or my painted tail; and now you come and tell me something I can understand, and it makes me more mixy than before.
My mother told me that I was to drop one of you two into the water, and as you seem so anxious to be dropped I think you don’t want to be dropped.
So jump into the turbid Amazon and be quick about it.’
‘I warn you that your Mummy won’t be pleased.

For a fairy of a tree is as much higher in rank than a fairy of the meadow as a duchess is than a goose-girl.
She was about the size of the robin redbreast, and she was dressed all in green, except a lovely cloak of red that, when it was folded about her, made her look very much indeed like the redbreast himself, and she was no bit bigger than the robin either.
"Nora Mavourneen," said the dryad, "I have been noticing that you seem a bit sad-hearted of late, and for no reason either that anybody knows, so if you don't mind I will take you with me for a walk this afternoon through fairyland, and we will see if we cannot do something to restore your good spirits again."
At these words Nora danced for joy, and you would never have been able to guess that she had ever known a downhearted moment.
So the dryad clapped her tiny hands three times, and out of the open door into the beech-tree stepped a little gnome who came and bowed low before them, holding in his hands a silver salver on which lay a little pellet.
"How little was the pellet, uncle?"
"Well, what would you say if I told you that it was as small as a humming bird's egg?
Oh, you think it was smaller than that?
Well, how about the seed of a coriander?
No?
Then I will tell you the truth.
It was as small as the gnat that gets into your eye, that feels as big as a rat."

"Why did you not go home, my son?"
"Because you did not tell me," said Puran, "so I waited here for your orders."
Then the Guru held him tenderly and washed the mud off him, and in many days he grew strong again.
"Now go home to your parents," said the Guru.
But Puran said: "No, I will remain with you."
Thus in time he became a very highly respected Guru.
TABARISTAN 
In the country called Tabaristan there lived a rich Rajah, who gave a feast and invited a number of guests.
Amongst the guests came a stranger who partook of the good things distributed.
The Rajah, on seeing him, enquired who he was.
"I am a stranger," said he, "but am willing to serve you, as I have come from a very distant country."
The Rajah said he would keep him as a sort of Chowkidar, to guard his house at night.
So all night long the stranger used to pace up and down the Palace grounds keeping watch.

mark the unfaltering silence aft!
Methinks it pictures life.
Foremost through the sparkling sea shoots on the gay, embattled, bantering bow, but only to drag dark Ahab after it, where he broods within his sternward cabin, builded over the dead water of the wake, and further on, hunted by its wolfish gurglings.
The long howl thrills me through!
Peace!
ye revellers, and set the watch!
Oh, life!
’tis in an hour like this, with soul beat down and held to knowledge,—as wild, untutored things are forced to feed—Oh, life!
’tis now that I do feel the latent horror in thee!
but ’tis not me!
that horror’s out of me!
and with the soft feeling of the human in me, yet will I try to fight ye, ye grim, phantom futures!

Then he sewed himself in the sack with one of the abbé's needles.
In his hand he held the dead man's knife, and with palpitating heart awaited events.
Slowly the hours dragged on, until at length he heard the heavy footsteps of the gaolers descending to the cell.
They lifted the sack, and carried him on a bier through the castle passages, until they came to a door, which was opened.
On passing through this, the noise of the waves was heard as they dashed on the rocks below.
Then Dantès felt that they took him by the head and by the heels, and flung him into the sea, into whose depths he was dragged by a thirty-
six-pound shot tied to his feet.
The sea is the cemetery of Château d'If!
Although giddy, and almost suffocated, he had yet sufficient presence of mind to hold his breath; and as his right hand held his knife, he rapidly ripped up the sack, extricated his arm, and then, by a desperate effort, severed the cord that bound his legs at the moment he was suffocating.
With a vigorous spring he rose to the surface, paused to breathe, and then dived again, in order to avoid being seen.
When he rose again, he struck boldly out to sea, and, fortunately, was picked up by a sailing-vessel.
Now at liberty, fourteen years after his arrest, he renewed an oath of implacable vengeance against Danglars, Fernand, and Villefort.
Nor was it long before he had discovered the secret cave in the island of Monte Cristo, with all its dazzling wealth, as the Abbe Faria had truly foretold.

As he did not go into Society himself, he had got an idea that these things belonged to the things that didn’t really matter.
(We know of course that he was wrong, and took too narrow a view; because they do matter very much, though it would take too long to explain why.)
He sat in his arm-chair at the head of the table, and nodded gravely at intervals as the animals told their story; and he did not seem surprised or shocked at anything, and he never said, ‘I told you so,’ or, ‘Just what I always said,’ or remarked that they ought to have done so-and-so, or ought not to have done something else.
The Mole began to feel very friendly towards him.
When supper was really finished at last, and each animal felt that his skin was now as tight as was decently safe, and that by this time he didn’t care a hang for anybody or anything, they gathered round the glowing embers of the great wood fire, and thought how jolly it was to be sitting up SO late, and SO independent, and SO full; and after they had chatted for a time about things in general, the Badger said heartily, ‘Now then!
tell us the news from your part of the world.
How’s old Toad going on?’
‘Oh, from bad to worse,’ said the Rat gravely, while the Mole, cocked up on a settle and basking in the firelight, his heels higher than his head, tried to look properly mournful.
‘Another smash-up only last week, and a bad one.
You see, he will insist on driving himself, and he’s hopelessly incapable.
If he’d only employ a decent, steady, well-trained animal, pay him good wages, and leave everything to him, he’d get on all right.
But no; he’s convinced he’s a heaven-born driver, and nobody can teach him anything; and all the rest follows.’
‘How many has he had?’ inquired the Badger gloomily.
‘Smashes, or machines?’ asked the Rat.

The Epanchins prided themselves upon the good opinion people held of them.
One of the representatives of the middle-class present today was a colonel of engineers, a very serious man and a great friend of Prince S., who had introduced him to the Epanchins.
He was extremely silent in society, and displayed on the forefinger of his right hand a large ring, probably bestowed upon him for services of some sort.
There was also a poet, German by name, but a Russian poet; very presentable, and even handsome the sort of man one could bring into society with impunity.
This gentleman belonged to a German family of decidedly bourgeois origin, but he had a knack of acquiring the patronage of “big-wigs,” and of retaining their favour.
He had translated some great German poem into Russian verse, and claimed to have been a friend of a famous Russian poet, since dead.
(It is strange how great a multitude of literary people there are who have had the advantages of friendship with some great man of their own profession who is, unfortunately, dead.)
The dignitary’s wife had introduced this worthy to the Epanchins.
This lady posed as the patroness of literary people, and she certainly had succeeded in obtaining pensions for a few of them, thanks to her influence with those in authority on such matters.
She was a lady of weight in her own way.
Her age was about forty-five, so that she was a very young wife for such an elderly husband as the dignitary.
She had been a beauty in her day and still loved, as many ladies of forty-five do love, to dress a little too smartly.

The edges of these bones are fringed with hairy fibres, through which the Right Whale strains the water, and in whose intricacies he retains the small fish, when openmouthed he goes through the seas of brit in feeding time.
In the central blinds of bone, as they stand in their natural order, there are certain curious marks, curves, hollows, and ridges, whereby some whalemen calculate the creature’s age, as the age of an oak by its circular rings.
Though the certainty of this criterion is far from demonstrable, yet it has the savor of analogical probability.
At any rate, if we yield to it, we must grant a far greater age to the Right Whale than at first glance will seem reasonable.
In old times, there seem to have prevailed the most curious fancies concerning these blinds.
One voyager in Purchas calls them the wondrous “whiskers” inside of the whale’s mouth;* another, “hogs’ bristles”; a third old gentleman in Hackluyt uses the following elegant language:
“There are about two hundred and fifty fins growing on each side of his upper chop, which arch over his tongue on each side of his mouth.”
*This reminds us that the Right Whale really has a sort of whisker, or rather a moustache, consisting of a few scattered white hairs on the upper part of the outer end of the lower jaw.
Sometimes these tufts impart a rather brigandish expression to his otherwise solemn countenance.
As every one knows, these same “hogs’ bristles,” “fins,” “whiskers,”
“blinds,” or whatever you please, furnish to the ladies their busks and other stiffening contrivances.
But in this particular, the demand has long been on the decline.
It was in Queen Anne’s time that the bone was in its glory, the farthingale being then all the fashion.
And as those ancient dames moved about gaily, though in the jaws of the whale, as you may say; even so, in a shower, with the like thoughtlessness, do we nowadays fly under the same jaws for protection; the umbrella being a tent spread over the same bone.
But now forget all about blinds and whiskers for a moment, and, standing in the Right Whale’s mouth, look around you afresh.

"He did wrong, but we forgave him, and all promised not to say a word to anyone," began Jo reluctantly.
"That won't do.
He shall not shelter himself behind a promise from you softhearted girls.
If he's done anything amiss, he shall confess, beg pardon, and be punished.
Out with it, Jo.
I won't be kept in the dark."
Mr. Laurence looked so alarming and spoke so sharply that Jo would have gladly run away, if she could, but she was perched aloft on the steps, and he stood at the foot, a lion in the path, so she had to stay and brave it out.
"Indeed, Sir, I cannot tell.
Mother forbade it.
Laurie has confessed, asked pardon, and been punished quite enough.
We don't keep silence to shield him, but someone else, and it will make more trouble if you interfere.
Please don't.

Another day and another night passed; still the children waited, feeding on seaweed and small shell fish which they found along the beach.
When the third day came they decided to walk back, following the shore, to the tribe.
Going round the bays, climbing up and down huge slides of rocks, walking inland each time they found rivers they could not swim until they discovered a place to ford them, those two boys—aged five and seven, respectively—never lost heart.
Picking up on the beach what they could find to eat, they eventually got back to the tribe after two days and nights of constant traveling.
They were footsore, wet to the bone, and famished.
They gave the alarm and a small party of men paddled immediately to the islands.
There they found the two men marooned amidst hundreds of nests on which they had been feeding.
It appears that on their arrival, four days before, they had at first gone to sleep on the beach in the sun, leaving their kayaks partly out of the water.
The tide rose and the two kayaks drifted out of sight.
They had suffered no hardships—having plenty of food and being confident that eventually some one would come to look for them.
Furthermore, they did not feel anxious about the children.
In their minds, a thirty mile walk alone on the rugged seashore, the fording of three swift rivers, and the lack of food and the exposure during four consecutive days and nights, could not possibly harm two little Eskimo boys of five and seven.

It looks as if they always send their singular warning or token before them when starting upon their mission.
You see how quickly the deed followed the sign when it came from Dundee.
If they had come from Pondicherry in a steamer they would have arrived almost as soon as their letter.
But, as a matter of fact, seven weeks elapsed.
I think that those seven weeks represented the difference between the mail-boat which brought the letter and the sailing vessel which brought the writer.”
“It is possible.”
“More than that.
It is probable.
And now you see the deadly urgency of this new case, and why I urged young Openshaw to caution.
The blow has always fallen at the end of the time which it would take the senders to travel the distance.
But this one comes from London, and therefore we cannot count upon delay.”
“Good God!” I cried.
“What can it mean, this relentless persecution?”
“The papers which Openshaw carried are obviously of vital importance to the person or persons in the sailing-ship.
I think that it is quite clear that there must be more than one of them.
A single man could not have carried out two deaths in such a way as to deceive a coroner’s jury.

An old woman opened to them and bowed low to Parfen, who asked her some questions hurriedly, but did not wait to hear her answer.
He led the prince on through several dark, cold-looking rooms, spotlessly clean, with white covers over all the furniture.
Without the ceremony of knocking, Parfen entered a small apartment, furnished like a drawing-room, but with a polished mahogany partition dividing one half of it from what was probably a bedroom.
In one corner of this room sat an old woman in an arm-chair, close to the stove.
She did not look very old, and her face was a pleasant, round one; but she was white-haired and, as one could detect at the first glance, quite in her second childhood.
She wore a black woollen dress, with a black handkerchief round her neck and shoulders, and a white cap with black ribbons.
Her feet were raised on a footstool.
Beside her sat another old woman, also dressed in mourning, and silently knitting a stocking; this was evidently a companion.
They both looked as though they never broke the silence.
The first old woman, so soon as she saw Rogojin and the prince, smiled and bowed courteously several times, in token of her gratification at their visit.
“Mother,” said Rogojin, kissing her hand, “here is my great friend, Prince Muishkin; we have exchanged crosses; he was like a real brother to me at Moscow at one time, and did a great deal for me.
Bless him, mother, as you would bless your own son.

The old grey horse, dreaming, as he plodded along, of his quiet paddock, in a new raw situation such as this simply abandoned himself to his natural emotions.
Rearing, plunging, backing steadily, in spite of all the Mole’s efforts at his head, and all the Mole’s lively language directed at his better feelings, he drove the cart backwards towards the deep ditch at the side of the road.
It wavered an instant then there was a heartrending crash and the canary-coloured cart, their pride and their joy, lay on its side in the ditch, an irredeemable wreck.
The Rat danced up and down in the road, simply transported with passion.
‘You villains!’ he shouted, shaking both fists, ‘You scoundrels, you highwaymen, you you roadhogs!
I’ll have the law of you!
I’ll report you!
I’ll take you through all the Courts!’ His home-sickness had quite slipped away from him, and for the moment he was the skipper of the canary-coloured vessel driven on a shoal by the reckless jockeying of rival mariners, and he was trying to recollect all the fine and biting things he used to say to masters of steam-launches when their wash, as they drove too near the bank, used to flood his parlour-carpet at home.
Toad sat straight down in the middle of the dusty road, his legs stretched out before him, and stared fixedly in the direction of the disappearing motor-car.
He breathed short, his face wore a placid satisfied expression, and at intervals he faintly murmured ‘Poop-poop!’
The Mole was busy trying to quiet the horse, which he succeeded in doing after a time.
Then he went to look at the cart, on its side in the ditch.
It was indeed a sorry sight.

Think how he felt!
His long nose became at least two inches longer.
He ran about the room, dug in all the boxes and drawers, and even looked under the bed in search of a piece of bread, hard though it might be, or a cookie, or perhaps a bit of fish.
A bone left by a dog would have tasted good to him!
But he found nothing.
And meanwhile his hunger grew and grew.
The only relief poor Pinocchio had was to yawn; and he certainly did yawn, such a big yawn that his mouth stretched out to the tips of his ears.
Soon he became dizzy and faint.
He wept and wailed to himself: “The Talking Cricket was right.
It was wrong of me to disobey Father and to run away from home.
If he were here now, I wouldn’t be so hungry!
Oh, how horrible it is to be hungry!”
Suddenly, he saw, among the sweepings in a corner, something round and white that looked very much like a hen’s egg.

I will go to him myself this very day.” When evening drew near, the master-thief seated himself in his carriage, and drove to the castle.
The count received him civilly, for he took him for a distinguished man.
When, however, the stranger made himself known, the count turned pale and was quite silent for some time.
At length he said, “Thou art my godson, and on that account mercy shall take the place of justice, and I will deal leniently with thee.
Since thou pridest thyself on being a master-thief, I will put thy art to the proof, but if thou dost not stand the test, thou must marry the rope-maker’s daughter, and the croaking of the raven must be thy music on the occasion.” “Lord count,” answered the master-thief, “Think of three things, as difficult as you like, and if I do not perform your tasks, do with me what you will.” The count reflected for some minutes, and then said, “Well, then, in the first place, thou shalt steal the horse I keep for my own riding, out of the stable; in the next, thou shalt steal the sheet from beneath the bodies of my wife and myself when we are asleep, without our observing it, and the wedding-ring of my wife as well; thirdly and lastly, thou shalt steal away out of the church, the parson and clerk.
Mark what I am saying, for thy life depends on it.”
The master-thief went to the nearest town; there he bought the clothes of an old peasant woman, and put them on.
Then he stained his face brown, and painted wrinkles on it as well, so that no one could have recognized him.
Then he filled a small cask with old Hungary wine in which was mixed a powerful sleeping-drink.
He put the cask in a basket, which he took on his back, and walked with slow and tottering steps to the count’s castle.
It was already dark when he arrived.
He sat down on a stone in the court-yard and began to cough, like an asthmatic old woman, and to rub his hands as if he were cold.
In front of the door of the stable some soldiers were lying round a fire; one of them observed the woman, and called out to her, “Come nearer, old mother, and warm thyself beside us.

So when she was a sickly, fretful, ugly little baby she was kept out of the way, and when she became a sickly, fretful, toddling thing she was kept out of the way also.
She never remembered seeing familiarly anything but the dark faces of her Ayah and the other native servants, and as they always obeyed her and gave her her own way in everything, because the Mem Sahib would be angry if she was disturbed by her crying, by the time she was six years old she was as tyrannical and selfish a little pig as ever lived.
The young English governess who came to teach her to read and write disliked her so much that she gave up her place in three months, and when other governesses came to try to fill it they always went away in a shorter time than the first one.
So if Mary had not chosen to really want to know how to read books she would never have learned her letters at all.
One frightfully hot morning, when she was about nine years old, she awakened feeling very cross, and she became crosser still when she saw that the servant who stood by her bedside was not her Ayah.
“Why did you come?” she said to the strange woman.
“I will not let you stay.
Send my Ayah to me.”
The woman looked frightened, but she only stammered that the Ayah could not come and when Mary threw herself into a passion and beat and kicked her, she looked only more frightened and repeated that it was not possible for the Ayah to come to Missie Sahib.
There was something mysterious in the air that morning.
Nothing was done in its regular order and several of the native servants seemed missing, while those whom Mary saw slunk or hurried about with ashy and scared faces.
But no one would tell her anything and her Ayah did not come.
She was actually left alone as the morning went on, and at last she wandered out into the garden and began to play by herself under a tree near the veranda.

I have thought it all over I assure you, and I can perfectly account for every thing that at first seemed strange to me as well as to you."
"Can you, indeed!"
"Yes.
I have explained it to myself in the most satisfactory way; but you, Elinor, who love to doubt where you can it will not satisfy YOU, I know; but you shall not talk ME out of my trust in it.
I am persuaded that Mrs. Smith suspects his regard for Marianne, disapproves of it, (perhaps because she has other views for him,) and on that account is eager to get him away; and that the business which she sends him off to transact is invented as an excuse to dismiss him.
This is what I believe to have happened.
He is, moreover, aware that she DOES disapprove the connection, he dares not therefore at present confess to her his engagement with Marianne, and he feels himself obliged, from his dependent situation, to give into her schemes, and absent himself from Devonshire for a while.
You will tell me, I know, that this may or may NOT have happened; but I will listen to no cavil, unless you can point out any other method of understanding the affair as satisfactory at this.
And now, Elinor, what have you to say?"
"Nothing, for you have anticipated my answer."
"Then you would have told me, that it might or might not have happened.
Oh, Elinor, how incomprehensible are your feelings!

"Nothing easier," said he; at any rate he would try.
He would just say he wished the old dame would stay and keep house for him a day or two, and then he would take the lad out with him up the hill to quarry corner-stones, and roll down a great rock on him.
All this the lad lay and listened to.
Next day the Troll for it was a Troll as clear as day asked if the old dame would stay and keep house for him a few days; and as the day went on he took a great iron crowbar, and asked the lad if he had a mind to go with him up the hill and quarry a few corner-stones.
With all his heart, he said, and went with him; and so, after they had split a few stones, the Troll wanted him to go down below and look after cracks in the rock; and while he was doing this the Troll worked away, and wearied himself with his crowbar till he moved a whole crag out of its bed, which came rolling right down on the place where the lad was; but he held it up till he could get on one side, and then let it roll on.
"Oh!"
said the lad to the Troll, "now I see what you mean to do with me.
You want to crush me to death; so just go down yourself and look after the cracks and refts in the rock, and I'll stand up above."
The Troll did not dare to do otherwise than the lad bade him, and the end of it was that the lad rolled down a great rock, which fell upon the Troll and broke one of his thighs.
"Well!
you are in a sad plight," said the lad, as he strode down, lifted up the rock, and set the man free.
After that he had to put him on his back and carry him home; so he ran with him as fast as a horse, and shook him so that the Troll screamed and screeched as if a knife were run into him.

I'll get rid of him in a twinkling."
He made the ten men wait for him at the entrance to the wood as they had done the first time, and taking a stout rope and a saw he entered the forest alone.
Up came the unicorn, but just as it was about to rush at the man he darted behind a big tree.
The unicorn dashed with such force against the tree that its horn was caught quite fast and it was kept a prisoner.
Taking his rope, he tied it tightly round the animal, and, after sawing off the horn, back he went to the palace, leading the unicorn by his side.
But even then the King was not satisfied, and he made the little tailor catch a wild boar that had been seen wandering in the woods.
He took a party of huntsmen with him, but again he made them wait on the outskirts of the forest while he went on by himself.
The wild boar made a dash at the little tailor; but the man was too quick for it.
He slipped into a little building close by, with the animal at his heels.
Then, catching sight of a small window, he forced his way out into the forest again, and while the boar, who was too big and clumsy to follow, stood gazing at the spot where he had disappeared, the tailor ran round and closed the door, keeping the animal quite secure inside.
Then he called the hunters, who shot the boar and carried the body back to the palace.
This time the King was obliged to keep his promise; so the little tailor became a Prince, and a grand wedding they had, too.

"Let the justice of Heaven be done!"
they cried in a loud voice.
Within three days the musketeers were back in Paris, ready to return with the king to La Rochelle.
Then the cardinal summoned D'Artagnan to his presence.
"You are charged with having corresponded with the enemies of France, with having surprised state secrets, and with having attempted to thwart the plans of your general," said the cardinal.
"The woman who charges me a branded felon Milady de Winter, is dead,"
replied D'Artagnan.
"Dead!"
exclaimed the cardinal.
"Dead!"
"We have tried her and condemned her," said D'Artagnan.
Then he told the cardinal of the poisoning of Madame Bonacieux, and of the subsequent trial and execution.
The cardinal shuddered before he answered quietly, "You will be tried and condemned."

"As the 'person' spoke this last, he struck the ground with a stick he carried, and the blow set the grass afire.
I have always tried to know that 'person.'
I think I know him wherever he may be, and in any camp.
He has helped me all my life, and I shall never turn against him never."
That was the old chief's dream and now a word about the sweat-bath.
A small lodge is made of willows, by bending them and sticking the ends in the ground.
A completed sweat-lodge is shaped like an inverted bowl, and in the centre is a small hole in the ground.
The lodge is covered with robes, bark, and dirt, or anything that will make it reasonably tight.
Then a fire is built outside and near the sweat-lodge in which stones are heated.
When the stones are ready, the bather crawls inside the sweat-lodge, and an assistant rolls the hot stones from the fire, and into the lodge.
They are then rolled into the hole in the lodge and sprinkled with water.
One cannot imagine a hotter vapor bath than this system produces, and when the bather has satisfied himself inside, he darts from the sweat-lodge into the river, winter or summer.

‘There’s only one thing more to be done,’ continued the gratified Badger.
‘Toad, I want you solemnly to repeat, before your friends here, what you fully admitted to me in the smoking-room just now.
First, you are sorry for what you’ve done, and you see the folly of it all?’
There was a long, long pause.
Toad looked desperately this way and that, while the other animals waited in grave silence.
At last he spoke.
‘No!’ he said, a little sullenly, but stoutly; ‘I’m NOT sorry.
And it wasn’t folly at all!
It was simply glorious!’
‘What?’ cried the Badger, greatly scandalised.
‘You backsliding animal, didn’t you tell me just now, in there  ’
‘Oh, yes, yes, in THERE,’ said Toad impatiently.
‘I’d have said anything in THERE.
You’re so eloquent, dear Badger, and so moving, and so convincing, and put all your points so frightfully well you can do what you like with me in THERE, and you know it.
But I’ve been searching my mind since, and going over things in it, and I find that I’m not a bit sorry or repentant really, so it’s no earthly good saying I am; now, is it?’
‘Then you don’t promise,’ said the Badger, ‘never to touch a motor-car again?’
‘Certainly not!’ replied Toad emphatically.

Tha’ wert singin’ to it when I come into th’ garden.”
“I felt so joyful,” said Colin, opening his beautiful strange eyes at her.
“Suddenly I felt how different I was—how strong my arms and legs were, you know—and how I could dig and stand—and I jumped up and wanted to shout out something to anything that would listen.”
“Th’ Magic listened when tha’ sung th’ Doxology.
It would ha’ listened to anything tha’d sung.
It was th’ joy that mattered.
Eh!
lad, lad—what’s names to th’ Joy Maker,” and she gave his shoulders a quick soft pat again.
She had packed a basket which held a regular feast this morning, and when the hungry hour came and Dickon brought it out from its hiding place, she sat down with them under their tree and watched them devour their food, laughing and quite gloating over their appetites.
She was full of fun and made them laugh at all sorts of odd things.
She told them stories in broad Yorkshire and taught them new words.
She laughed as if she could not help it when they told her of the increasing difficulty there was in pretending that Colin was still a fretful invalid.
“You see we can’t help laughing nearly all the time when we are together,” explained Colin.
“And it doesn’t sound ill at all.

Here, youngster, stop squealing.
The dark never hurt anybody yet.”
The gun-bullocks lay down together and began chewing the cud, but the young mule huddled close to Billy.
“Things!” he said.
“Fearful and horrible, Billy!
They came into our lines while we were asleep.
D’you think they’ll kill us?”
“I’ve a very great mind to give you a number-one kicking,” said Billy.
“The idea of a fourteen-hand mule with your training disgracing the battery before this gentleman!”
“Gently, gently!” said the troop-horse.
“Remember they are always like this to begin with.
The first time I ever saw a man (it was in Australia when I was a three-year-old) I ran for half a day, and if I’d seen a camel, I should have been running still.”
Nearly all our horses for the English cavalry are brought to India from Australia, and are broken in by the troopers themselves.
“True enough,” said Billy.
“Stop shaking, youngster.
The first time they put the full harness with all its chains on my back I stood on my forelegs and kicked every bit of it off.

I should like to have that fowl.
Fowls can always pick up a few grains that lie about, and almost keep themselves.
I think it would be a good exchange if I could get it for my goose.
Shall we exchange?"
he asked the toll keeper.
"Exchange?"
repeated the man.
"Well, it would not be a bad thing."
So they made an exchange; the toll keeper at the turnpike gate kept the goose, and the peasant carried off the fowl.
Now he really had done a great deal of business on his way to the fair, and he was hot and tired.
He wanted something to eat, and a glass of ale to refresh himself; so he turned his steps to an inn.
He was just about to enter, when the ostler came out, and they met at the door.

The orphans rushed to their father, told him all about their great distress, and thus concluded their pitiful story:
"Ah, father dear, why dost thou love us less than our brothers and sisters?"
The father was touched and became angry.
He sent the wicked stepmother away and lived a new life with his good children.
From that time he watched over their happiness and never neglected them any more.
How do I know this story is true?
Why, one was there who told me about it.
DIMIAN THE PEASANT 
Not long ago, or perchance very long ago, I do not know for sure, there lived in a village, some place in Russia, a peasant a moujik.
And this peasant was a stubborn and a quick-tempered fellow, and his name was Dimian.
He was harsh by nature, this Dimian, and wanted everything to go his own way.
If any one talked or acted against him, Dimian's fists were soon prepared for answer.
Sometimes, for instance, he would invite one of his neighbors and treat his guest with fine things to eat and to drink.
And the neighbor in order to maintain the old custom would pretend to refuse.

We looked at each other.
Then ideas began to come.
“Has Mr. —— gone out that way?” said I.
“No, sir.
No one has come out this way.
I was expecting to find him here.”
At that I understood.
At the risk of disappointing Richardson I stayed on, waiting for the Time Traveller; waiting for the second, perhaps still stranger story, and the specimens and photographs he would bring with him.
But I am beginning now to fear that I must wait a lifetime.
The Time Traveller vanished three years ago.
And, as everybody knows now, he has never returned.
Epilogue 
One cannot choose but wonder.
Will he ever return?

On and on he went, following the moccasins over hills and rivers.
Faster than before went the man, and still faster travelled the empty moccasins, the trail growing dimmer and dimmer as the daylight faded.
All day long, and all of the night the man followed the tracks without rest or food, and just at daybreak he came to the shore of the big-water.
There, right by the water's edge, stood the empty moccasins, side by side.
"The man turned and looked back.
His eyes were red and his legs were trembling.
'Caw caw, caw,' he heard a Crow say.
Right over his head he saw the black bird and knew him, too.
"'Ho!
OLD-man, you were in that dead Bull-Elk.
You fooled me, and now you are a Crow.
You think you will escape me, do you?

"What do you call these?"
he said.
"Beans," said Jack.
"Yes," said he, "beans, but they're the most wonderful beans that ever were known.
If you plant them overnight, by the next morning they'll grow up and reach the sky.
But to save you the trouble of going all the way to market, I don't mind exchanging them for that cow of yours."
"Done!"
cried Jack, who was so delighted with the bargain that he ran all the way home to tell his mother how lucky he had been.
But oh!
how disappointed the poor widow was.
"Off to bed with you!"
she cried; and she was so angry that she threw the beans out of the window into the garden.

Ere long he saw the huge gate swing open, and two beautiful women came out.
Now the Mikoto (Augustness) had always heard that Ryn Gu was the realm of the Dragon King under the Sea, and had naturally supposed that the place was inhabited by dragons and similar terrible creatures, so that when he saw these two lovely princesses, whose beauty would be rare even in the world from which he had just come, he was exceedingly surprised, and wondered what it could mean.
He said not a word, however, but silently gazed at them through the foliage of the trees, waiting to see what they would do.
He saw that in their hands they carried golden buckets.
Slowly and gracefully in their trailing garments they approached the well, standing in the shade of the katsura trees, and were about to draw water, all unknowing of the stranger who was watching them, for the Happy Hunter was quite hidden among the branches of the tree where he had posted himself.
As the two ladies leaned over the side of the well to let down their golden buckets, which they did every day in the year, they saw reflected in the deep still water the face of a handsome youth gazing at them from amidst the branches of the tree in whose shade they stood.
Never before had they seen the face of mortal man; they were frightened, and drew back quickly with their golden buckets in their hands.
Their curiosity, however, soon gave them courage, and they glanced timidly upwards to see the cause of the unusual reflection, and then they beheld the Happy Hunter sitting in the tree looking down at them with surprise and admiration.
They gazed at him face to face, but their tongues were still with wonder and could not find a word to say to him.
When the Mikoto saw that he was discovered, he sprang down lightly from the tree and said:
"I am a traveler, and as I was very thirsty I came to the well in the hopes of quenching my thirst, but I could find no bucket with which to draw the water.
So I climbed into the tree, much vexed, and waited for some one to come.
Just at that moment, while I was thirstily and impatiently waiting, you noble ladies appeared, as if in answer to my great need.

"Better than that."
"A shoemaker?"
"Better still!"
"A plowman?"
"Better still!"
"A joiner?"
"Better still!"
"A smith?"
"Better still!"
"A miller?"
"Better still!"
"Perhaps a broom-binder?"

This makes it kind of difficult for a chappie.
Corky managed to get along by drawing an occasional picture for the comic papers he had rather a gift for funny stuff when he got a good idea and doing bedsteads and chairs and things for the advertisements.
His principal source of income, however, was derived from biting the ear of a rich uncle one Alexander Worple, who was in the jute business.
I'm a bit foggy as to what jute is, but it's apparently something the populace is pretty keen on, for Mr. Worple had made quite an indecently large stack out of it.
Now, a great many fellows think that having a rich uncle is a pretty soft snap: but, according to Corky, such is not the case.
Corky's uncle was a robust sort of cove, who looked like living for ever.
He was fifty-one, and it seemed as if he might go to par.
It was not this, however, that distressed poor old Corky, for he was not bigoted and had no objection to the man going on living.
What Corky kicked at was the way the above Worple used to harry him.
Corky's uncle, you see, didn't want him to be an artist.
He didn't think he had any talent in that direction.
He was always urging him to chuck Art and go into the jute business and start at the bottom and work his way up.

"Don't be a silly boy," said the Princess, pretending to be very grown up, for, though she had been on the island time only knows how many years, she was just eighteen, and she still liked pretending.
"You haven't a sword, or a shield, or anything!"
"Well, don't the beasts ever go to sleep?"
"Why, yes," said the Princess, "but only once in twenty-four hours, and then the dragon is turned to stone.
But the griffin has dreams.
The griffin sleeps at teatime every day, but the dragon sleeps every day for five minutes, and every day it is three minutes later than it was the day before."
"What time does he sleep today?"
asked Nigel.
"At eleven," said the Princess.
"Ah," said Nigel, "can you do sums?"
"No," said the Princess sadly.
"I was never good at them."

With his chin in his hand, the Scarecrow was regarding Scraps in silent admiration.
"Sometimes," he said, "I almost believe your head is stuffed with the same quality of brains the Wizard put in mine."
"Nope!"
denied Scraps emphatically.
"It's not brains just a little common sense."
And with that the irrepressible creature leaped to the chandelier suspended from the ceiling and began chinning herself.
"Yes," agreed the Scarecrow with a sigh as he regarded her antics, "I guess I was wrong about your brains."
"But what are we going to do?
That's what I want to know," demanded Toto impatiently.
"I believe," declared the Scarecrow finally, "there is only one thing we can do.
We must go to Ozma's Chamber of Magic and try to persuade this strange Dorothy and the Wizard to admit us.
If they refuse, then we shall be obliged to break open the door and demand an explanation of their mysterious behavior."

King Midas bowed low; and when he lifted his head, the lustrous stranger had vanished.
You will easily believe that Midas lost no time in snatching up a great earthen pitcher (but, alas me!
it was no longer earthen after he touched it), and hastening to the river-side.
As he scampered along, and forced his way through the shrubbery, it was positively marvelous to see how the foliage turned yellow behind him, as if the autumn had been there, and nowhere else.
On reaching the river's brink, he plunged headlong in, without waiting so much as to pull off his shoes.
"Poof!
poof!
poof!"
snorted King Midas, as his head emerged out of the water.
"Well; this is really a refreshing bath, and I think it must have quite washed away the Golden Touch.
And now for filling my pitcher!"
As he dipped the pitcher into the water, it gladdened his very heart to see it change from gold into the same good, honest earthen vessel which it had been before he touched it.

now the Sun opened his huge fiery mouth.
The comet made one desperate effort to stop himself, but it was in vain.
An awful, headlong plunge through the intervening space; a hissing and crackling; a shriek, and the fiery jaws had closed on Short-Tail No.
73 forever!
"Dear me!"
said the meteor.
"How very shocking!
I quite forgot that the Sun ate comets.
I must be off, or I shall get an æon in the Reform School for this.
I am really very sorry, for he was a nice little comet!"
And away frisked the meteor, and soon forgot all about it.
But in the great court-yard in front of the Comet House, the Master took a piece of chalk, and crossed out No.

But the poor Scarecrow's body was so light that the Mimics had no difficulty in fastening the ropes about him and pinning his arms to his sides.
Scraps was more of a problem.
It required the combined efforts of the Mimic Jellia Jamb, Aunt Em, Betsy Bobbin and Button Bright to bind her.
But even with these odds none of the Mimics escaped without scratches on his face from Scraps' gold plated finger nails.
Tik-Tok, the Woozy, the Glass Cat and the rest were all securely bound in a few more seconds.
While our friends were being made prisoners, King Umb and Queen Ra hastened away to the Throne Room of the Royal Palace.
There the prisoners of the Mimics were carried into the presence of the Mimic King and Queen.
The Scarecrow and the others were shocked and outraged at the spectacle of the harsh-looking woman brazenly occupying Ozma's throne, while at her side stood the fierce-visaged man.
The Mimic Ojo and Button Bright lined up the captives before the throne, while Queen Ra regarded them scornfully.
"A pair of stuffed dummies, an animated washing machine, and a menagerie," she commented derisively.
"I demand," shouted the Scarecrow boldly, "that you release us immediately!"
"Ah!

Instead of that, he got to love the money for its own sake.
At night, when all those who had come to see him had gone to rest, and there was no fear of his being found out, he used to steal away into the forest, and there he dug a deep hole at the root of a great tree, to which he took all his money and jewels.
In India everybody has a siesta, that is to say, a sleep in the middle of the day, because the heat is so great it is difficult to keep well and strong without this extra rest.
So, although it is quite light at the time, the streets are deserted, except for the dogs who prowl about, trying to find something to eat.
Now the Brahman loved his money and other treasures so much, that he used very often to do without this siesta and go to the forest to enjoy the pleasure of looking at them.
When he got to the tree, he would bend down, clear away the earth and leaves with which he had hidden his secret hole, take out the money and let it slip through his fingers, and hold up the jewels to the light, to watch how they gleamed and glistened.
He was never so happy as when he was alone with his riches, and it was all he could do to tear himself away from them when the time came to go back to his shady corner.
In fact he was becoming a selfish miser instead of the holy man the people of Sravasti thought he was.
By the time the siesta was over he was always back again in his place beneath the tree, holding out his bowl and looking as poor and thin as ever, so that nobody had the least idea of the truth.
3.
Why was it wrong for the Brahman to hide away his money and jewels?
4.

They all agreed that she was the prettiest little darling they had ever seen almost as pretty as a real fairy baby and that was a compliment indeed, I can tell you.
And when they went in to the great banqueting-hall and sat down to table, they were even more delighted than at first.
For each one of them there was a set of six golden dinner things knife, spoon, fork, cup, dish, and plate made on purpose as a present for each, and all different.
One was set with pearls, another with diamonds, the third with rubies, the fourth with opals, the fifth with amethysts, the sixth with emeralds, the seventh with sapphires; and nobody could tell which was the most beautiful.
They were just going to begin, and everybody was as happy as happy could be, when, all of a sudden, there was a clashing of brazen claws and a rushing of wings, and something like a black cloud seemed to pass before the tall windows and darken all the room, so that the guests could hardly see their plates.
Then the great doors burst open with a terrible bang, and an old fairy in a long trailing black gown, with her face almost hidden in a black hood, jumped out of a black chariot drawn by fierce griffins, and stalked up to the table.
The King turned pale, and the Queen nearly fainted away, for this was the spiteful fairy Tormentilla, who lived all alone, an immense distance away from everywhere and everyone, in a dismal black stone castle in the middle of a desert.
The poor Queen had been so happy and so busy that she had forgotten all about her, and never sent her an invitation.
However, they all tried to make the best of it, and another chair was brought, and another place laid for Tormentilla; and both the King and Queen told her over and over again how very, very sorry they were not to have asked her.
It was all in vain.
Nothing could please her; she would eat and drink nothing, and she sat, scowling and looking angrily at the other fairies' jeweled cups and dishes, until the feast was over, and it was time to give the presents.
Then they all went into the great tapestried room where the tiny Princess lay sleeping in her mother-o'-pearl cradle, and the seven fairies began to say what they would each give her.

Do not, my dearest Elinor, let your kindness defend what I know your judgment must censure.
My illness has made me think  It has given me leisure and calmness for serious recollection.
Long before I was enough recovered to talk, I was perfectly able to reflect.
I considered the past: I saw in my own behaviour, since the beginning of our acquaintance with him last autumn, nothing but a series of imprudence towards myself, and want of kindness to others.
I saw that my own feelings had prepared my sufferings, and that my want of fortitude under them had almost led me to the grave.
My illness, I well knew, had been entirely brought on by myself by such negligence of my own health, as I had felt even at the time to be wrong.
Had I died, it would have been self-destruction.
I did not know my danger till the danger was removed; but with such feelings as these reflections gave me, I wonder at my recovery, wonder that the very eagerness of my desire to live, to have time for atonement to my God, and to you all, did not kill me at once.
Had I died, in what peculiar misery should I have left you, my nurse, my friend, my sister!
You, who had seen all the fretful selfishness of my latter days; who had known all the murmurings of my heart!
How should I have lived in YOUR remembrance!
My mother too!

Jo led her lover in, and shut the door.
CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN 
HARVEST TIME 
For a year Jo and her Professor worked and waited, hoped and loved, met occasionally, and wrote such voluminous letters that the rise in the price of paper was accounted for, Laurie said.
The second year began rather soberly, for their prospects did not brighten, and Aunt March died suddenly.
But when their first sorrow was over for they loved the old lady in spite of her sharp tongue they found they had cause for rejoicing, for she had left Plumfield to Jo, which made all sorts of joyful things possible.
"It's a fine old place, and will bring a handsome sum, for of course you intend to sell it," said Laurie, as they were all talking the matter over some weeks later.
"No, I don't," was Jo's decided answer, as she petted the fat poodle, whom she had adopted, out of respect to his former mistress.
"You don't mean to live there?"
"Yes, I do."
"But, my dear girl, it's an immense house, and will take a power of money to keep it in order.
The garden and orchard alone need two or three men, and farming isn't in Bhaer's line, I take it."
"He'll try his hand at it there, if I propose it."
"And you expect to live on the produce of the place?

The bells of three steeples clanged out at once, spreading the alarm to many a neighboring town, and expressing hurry, confusion, and terror, so inimitably that I could almost distinguish in their peal the burden of the universal cry, "Fire!
Fire!
Fire!"
"What is so eloquent as their iron tongues!"
exclaimed Oberon.
"My heart leaps and trembles, but not with fear.
And that other sound, too, deep and awful as a mighty organ, the roar and thunder of the multitude on the pavement below!
Come!
We are losing time.
I will cry out in the loudest of the uproar, and mingle my spirit with the wildest of the confusion, and be a bubble on the top of the ferment!"
From the first outcry, my forebodings had warned me of the true object and centre of alarm.
There was nothing now but uproar, above, beneath, and around us; footsteps stumbling pell-mell up the public staircase, eager shouts and heavy thumps at the door, the whiz and dash of water from the engines, and the crash of furniture thrown upon the pavement.

Will you please to enter the carriage?'
“I could do nothing but comply, and I entered it in silence.
They both entered after me the last springing in, after putting up the steps.
The carriage turned about, and drove on at its former speed.
“I repeat this conversation exactly as it occurred.
I have no doubt that it is, word for word, the same.
I describe everything exactly as it took place, constraining my mind not to wander from the task.
Where I make the broken marks that follow here, I leave off for the time, and put my paper in its hiding-place.
*****
“The carriage left the streets behind, passed the North Barrier, and emerged upon the country road.
At two-thirds of a league from the Barrier I did not estimate the distance at that time, but afterwards when I traversed it it struck out of the main avenue, and presently stopped at a solitary house, We all three alighted, and walked, by a damp soft footpath in a garden where a neglected fountain had overflowed, to the door of the house.
It was not opened immediately, in answer to the ringing of the bell, and one of my two conductors struck the man who opened it, with his heavy riding glove, across the face.
“There was nothing in this action to attract my particular attention, for I had seen common people struck more commonly than dogs.

When he was gone, the Turkeys said: "How very kind of him!"
and "What fine manners!"
And the young Rabbit thought to himself: "It is queer.
He was sleepy and his fur was rumpled, and that leaf bobbed around his ear when he talked.
He said 'evening' instead of 'morning,' and spoke as though Turkeys came here to eat grass.
And yet they all liked him, and were pleased by what he said."
You see the young Rabbit had not yet learned that the power of fine manners is more than that of looks; and that people could not think of the Ground Hog's mistakes in speaking because they knew his kindness of heart.
THE TRAVELLERS GO SOUTH 
One night a maple tree, the very one under which Mr. Red Squirrel sat when he first came to the forest, dreamed of her winter resting-time, and when she awakened early in the morning she found that her leaves were turning yellow.
They were not all brightly colored, but on each was an edging, or a tip, or a splash of gold.
You may be sure that the Forest People noticed it at once.
"I told you so," chirruped a Robin to her mate.
"The Orioles went long ago, and the Bobolinks start to-day.

The Queen pulled off her shoes.
Then the witch stirred the stuff that was in the cauldron, and, one by one, she threw in the gold crown and the sapphire necklace and the pearl bracelets and the ruby clasps and the diamonds of the little bright shoe buckles, and last of all she threw in the lilies.
The stuff in the cauldron boiled up in foaming flashes of yellow and blue and red and white and silver, and sent out a sweet scent, and presently the witch poured it out into a pot and set it to cool in the doorway among the snakes.
Then she said to the Queen: "Your child will have hair as golden as your crown, eyes as blue as your sapphires.
The red of your rubies will lie on its lips, and its skin will be clear and pale as your pearls.
Its soul will be white and sweet as your lilies, and your diamonds will be no clearer than its wits."
"Oh, thank you, thank you," said the Queen, "and when will it come?"
"You will find it when you get home."
"And won't you have something for yourself?"
asked the Queen.
"Any little thing you fancy would you like a country, or a sack of jewels?"
"Nothing, thank you," said the witch.

The walls were covered with tapestry with a forest scene embroidered on it.
There were fantastically dressed people under the trees and in the distance there was a glimpse of the turrets of a castle.
There were hunters and horses and dogs and ladies.
Mary felt as if she were in the forest with them.
Out of a deep window she could see a great climbing stretch of land which seemed to have no trees on it, and to look rather like an endless, dull, purplish sea.
“What is that?” she said, pointing out of the window.
Martha, the young housemaid, who had just risen to her feet, looked and pointed also.
“That there?” she said.
“Yes.”
“That’s th’ moor,” with a good-natured grin.
“Does tha’ like it?”
“No,” answered Mary.
“I hate it.”
“That’s because tha’rt not used to it,” Martha said, going back to her hearth.
“Tha’ thinks it’s too big an’ bare now.

Then the badger suddenly transformed himself back to his natural form and cried out:
"You wife-eating old man!
Look out for the bones in the kitchen!"
Laughing loudly and derisively he escaped out of the house and ran away to his den in the hills.
The old man was left behind alone.
He could hardly believe what he had seen and heard.
Then when he understood the whole truth he was so scared and horrified that he fainted right away.
After a while he came round and burst into tears.
He cried loudly and bitterly.
He rocked himself to and fro in his hopeless grief.
It seemed too terrible to be real that his faithful old wife had been killed and cooked by the badger while he was working quietly in the fields, knowing nothing of what was going on at home, and congratulating himself on having once for all got rid of the wicked animal who had so often spoiled his fields.
And oh!
the horrible thought; he had very nearly drunk the soup which the creature had made of his poor old woman.

She prevailed upon Charon, the ferryman, to take her across the black river and wait for her while she begged Proserpine to fill the box.
Then she started back to the light again.
All would have gone well with Psyche if she had not grown curious.
That was why her road to the dwelling place of the gods was so long and difficult.
Psyche was always mixing up a little bit of earth with her good intentions.
Having come so far successfully with her dangerous task, she wanted to open the box.
"I would take only the least bit of this beauty from Venus," Psyche thought, "to make myself more fair for Cupid if I ever behold him again."
So she carefully opened the box, but there was nothing in it of beauty at all.
It was a potion that caused Psyche to fall beside the road in a sleep which seemed to have no waking.
She did not stir, or breathe, or remember.
It was there that love, in the form of Cupid found Psyche.
He was healed of his wound, and he could not bear her absence any longer.

Something happened for a time, and Mr. Carrisford thought they were ruined "
"Who is Mr.
Carrisford?"
shouted Jessie.
"The Indian gentleman.
And Captain Crewe thought so, too and he died; and Mr. Carrisford had brain fever and ran away, and HE almost died.
And he did not know where Sara was.
And it turned out that there were millions and millions of diamonds in the mines; and half of them belong to Sara; and they belonged to her when she was living in the attic with no one but Melchisedec for a friend, and the cook ordering her about.
And Mr. Carrisford found her this afternoon, and he has got her in his home and she will never come back and she will be more a princess than she ever was a hundred and fifty thousand times more.
And I am going to see her tomorrow afternoon.
There!"
Even Miss Minchin herself could scarcely have controlled the uproar after this; and though she heard the noise, she did not try.
She was not in the mood to face anything more than she was facing in her room, while Miss Amelia was weeping in bed.

The men who went on the Argo were called Argonauts.
JASON AND THE HARPIES.
wings         blind           nobody           strong        iron            hard           skin          drive           claws           scratched     brass           Harpies 
The ship Argo sailed a long way.
There were two strong men on the ship.
They had wings and could fly.
One day the Argo came to a land where the blind king lived.
This poor king had a hard time.
When he sat down to the table to eat, some ugly birds called Harpies, came too.
The Harpies had skin like brass and nobody could hurt them.
They had claws of iron, and scratched people when they tried to drive them away.
When the king's dinner was ready, the Harpies came and took it away.
When Jason and his men came, the king told them all about it.

She remembered a quaint little intruder who had made his way into the attic once before.
She had seen him that very afternoon, sitting disconsolately on a table before a window in the Indian gentleman's house.
"Suppose," she whispered in pleased excitement "just suppose it was the monkey who got away again.
Oh, I wish it was!"
She climbed on a chair, very cautiously raised the skylight, and peeped out.
It had been snowing all day, and on the snow, quite near her, crouched a tiny, shivering figure, whose small black face wrinkled itself piteously at sight of her.
"It is the monkey," she cried out.
"He has crept out of the Lascar's attic, and he saw the light."
Becky ran to her side.
"Are you going to let him in, miss?"
she said.
"Yes," Sara answered joyfully.

But the transition from a commonplace nature to one that is richly endowed, demands always a more or less breakneck leap over a certain abyss which yawns threateningly below; and thus must the sudden change with the clerk strike the reader.
“The sweet air!” continued he of the police-office, in his dreamy imaginings; “how it reminds me of the violets in the garden of my aunt Magdalena!
Yes, then I was a little wild boy, who did not go to school very regularly.
O heavens!
'tis a long time since I have thought on those times.
The good old soul!
She lived behind the Exchange.
She always had a few twigs or green shoots in water let the winter rage without as it might.
The violets exhaled their sweet breath, whilst I pressed against the windowpanes covered with fantastic frost-work the copper coin I had heated on the stove, and so made peep-holes.
What splendid vistas were then opened to my view!
What change what magnificence!
Yonder in the canal lay the ships frozen up, and deserted by their whole crews, with a screaming crow for the sole occupant.

Pretty swallows, dear swallows, tell me what it looks like the beautiful, wonderful world!"
But the birds flew past and the boy looked after them with envy.
Then he settled himself down in the centre of the cloak, feeling quite sad and lonely.
"I think I'll go home," said he, and repeated his "Abracadabra, tum tum, ti!"
with a rather heavy heart.
The more he had, the more he wanted.
He did not like to vex his godmother by calling for her, and telling her how unhappy he was, in spite of all her goodness; so he just kept his trouble to himself, went back to his lonely tower, and spent three days there without attempting another journey on his traveling-cloak.
CHAPTER VI.
The fourth day it happened that the deaf mute paid his accustomed visit, after which Prince Dolor's spirits rose.
They always did, when he got the new books, which the King of Nomansland regularly sent to his nephew.
He paid no attention to the toys which were brought, as he considered himself a big boy.
Prince Dolor leaned over and looked at the mute's horse which was feeding at the foot of the tower and thought how grand it must be to get upon its back and ride away.

Elder Brown mounted his patient steed that stood sleepily motionless in the warm sunlight, with his great pointed ears displayed to the right and left, as though their owner had grown tired of the life burden their weight inflicted upon him, and was, old soldier fashion, ready to forego the once rigid alertness of early training for the pleasures of frequent rest on arms.
"And, elder, don't you forgit them caliker scraps, or you'll be wantin' kiver soon an' no kiver will be a-comin'."
Elder Brown did not turn his head, but merely let the whip hand, which had been checked in its backward motion, fall as he answered mechanically.
The beast he bestrode responded with a rapid whisking of its tail and a great show of effort, as it ambled off down the sandy road, the rider's long legs seeming now and then to touch the ground.
But as the zigzag panels of the rail fence crept behind him, and he felt the freedom of the morning beginning to act upon his well-trained blood, the mechanical manner of the old man's mind gave place to a mild exuberance.
A weight seemed to be lifting from it ounce by ounce as the fence panels, the weedy corners, the persimmon sprouts and sassafras bushes crept away behind him, so that by the time a mile lay between him and the life partner of his joys and sorrows he was in a reasonably contented frame of mind, and still improving.
It was a queer figure that crept along the road that cheery May morning.
It was tall and gaunt, and had been for thirty years or more.
The long head, bald on top, covered behind with iron-gray hair, and in front with a short tangled growth that curled and kinked in every direction, was surmounted by an old-fashioned stove-pipe hat, worn and stained, but eminently impressive.
An old-fashioned Henry Clay cloth coat, stained and threadbare, divided itself impartially over the donkey's back and dangled on his sides.
This was all that remained of the elder's wedding suit of forty years ago.
Only constant care, and use of late years limited to extra occasions, had preserved it so long.

They have been very kind to me in many ways, and I am grateful, for they are all rich and I know I am poor, yet they never made any difference."
"Why should they?"
and Mrs. March put the question with what the girls called her 'Maria Theresa air'.
"You know as well as I that it does make a difference with nearly everyone, so don't ruffle up like a dear, motherly hen, when your chickens get pecked by smarter birds.
The ugly duckling turned out a swan, you know."
and Amy smiled without bitterness, for she possessed a happy temper and hopeful spirit.
Mrs. March laughed, and smoothed down her maternal pride as she asked, "Well, my swan, what is your plan?"
"I should like to ask the girls out to lunch next week, to take them for a drive to the places they want to see, a row on the river, perhaps, and make a little artistic fete for them."
"That looks feasible.
What do you want for lunch?
Cake, sandwiches, fruit, and coffee will be all that is necessary, I suppose?"
"Oh, dear, no!

Poor Washington now retired to Valley Forge, where he put in about the dullest winter of his life.
The English had not been so successful in the North.
At first the Americans could only delay Burgoyne by felling trees in the path of his eight thousand men, which is a very unsatisfactory sort of warfare, but at last Schuyler, who had borne the burden and heat of the day, was succeeded by Gates, and good luck seemed to come slowly his way.
A foolish boy with bullet-holes cut in his clothes ran into St. Leger's troops, and out of breath told them to turn back or they would fill a drunkard's grave.
Officers asked him about the numbers of the enemy, and he pointed to the leaves of the trees, shrieked, and ran for his life.
He ran several days, and was barely able to keep ahead of St. Leger's troops by a neck.
Burgoyne at another time sent a detachment under Colonel Baum to take the stores at Bennington, Vermont.
He was met by General Stark and the militia.
Stark said, "Here come the redcoats, and we must beat them to-day, or Molly Stark is a widow."
This neat little remark made an instantaneous hit, and when they counted up their string of prisoners at night they found they had six hundred souls and a Hessian.
Burgoyne now felt blue and unhappy.
Besides, his troops were covered with wood-ticks and had had no washing done for three weeks.

General Sheridan was placed in charge of the troops here, and defeated Early at Winchester, riding twenty miles in twenty minutes, as per poem.
At Fisher's Hill he was also victorious.
He devastated the Valley of the Shenandoah to such a degree that a crow passing the entire length of the valley had to carry his dinner with him.
It was, however, at the battle of Cedar Creek that Sheridan was twenty miles away, according to historical prose.
Why he was twenty miles away, various and conflicting reasons are given, but on his good horse Rienzi he arrived in time to turn defeat and rout into victory and hilarity.
Rienzi, after the war, died in eleven States.
He was a black horse, with a saddle-gall and a flashing eye.
He passed away at his home in Chicago at last in poverty while waiting for a pension applied for on the grounds of founder and lampers brought on by eating too heartily after the battle and while warm, but in the line of duty.
The Red River campaign under General Banks was a joint naval and land expedition, resulting in the capture of Fort de Russy, March 14, after which, April 8, the troops marching towards Shreveport in very open order, single file or holding one another's hands and singing "John Brown's Body," were attacked by General Dick Taylor, and if Washington had not been so far away and through a hostile country, Bull Run would have had another rival.
But the boys rallied, and next day repulsed the Confederates, after which they returned to New Orleans, where board was more reasonable.
General Banks obtained quite a relief at this time: he was relieved of his command.
August 5, Commodore Farragut captured Mobile, after a neat and attractive naval fight, and on the 24th and 25th of December Commodore Porter and General Butler started out to take Fort Fisher.

Be quiet, Aglaya!
Be quiet, Alexandra!
It is none of your business!
Don’t fuss round me like that, Evgenie Pavlovitch; you exasperate me!
So, my dear,”
 she cried, addressing the prince, “you go so far as to beg their pardon!
He says, ‘Forgive me for offering you a fortune.’ And you, you mountebank, what are you laughing at?” she cried, turning suddenly on Lebedeff’s nephew.
“‘We refuse ten thousand roubles; we do not beseech, we demand!’ As if he did not know that this idiot will call on them tomorrow to renew his offers of money and friendship.
You will, won’t you?
You will?
Come, will you, or won’t you?”
“I shall,” said the prince, with gentle humility.
“You hear him!
You count upon it, too,” she continued, turning upon Doktorenko.

"Well, you burnt it," said Mrs. Skratdj; "and, as I always say, there's nothing more foolish than burning a letter of invitation before the day, for one is certain to forget."
"I've no doubt you always do say it," Mr. Skratdj remarked, with a smile, "but I certainly never remember to have heard the observation from your lips, my love."
"Whose memory's in fault there?"
asked Mrs. Skratdj triumphantly; and as at this point the ladies rose, Mrs. Skratdj had the last word.
Indeed, as may be gathered from this conversation, Mrs. Skratdj was quite able to defend herself.
When she was yet a bride, and young and timid, she used to collapse when Mr. Skratdj contradicted her statements and set her stories straight in public.
Then she hardly ever opened her lips without disappearing under the domestic extinguisher.
But in the course of fifteen years she had learned that Mr. Skratdj's bark was a great deal worse than his bite.
(If, indeed, he had a bite at all.)
Thus snubs that made other people's ears tingle, had no effect whatever on the lady to whom they were addressed, for she knew exactly what they were worth, and had by this time become fairly adept at snapping in return.
In the days when she succumbed she was occasionally unhappy, but now she and her husband understood each other, and having agreed to differ, they unfortunately agreed also to differ in public.
Indeed, it was the bystanders who had the worst of it on these occasions.

How can I see with my eyes full of mud?
Tell me that.
I am going to try to help you out of your trouble.'
He tried but OLD-man insulted Coyote, and called him a name that is not good, so the Coyote said, 'Well, stay there,' and went away.
"Again OLD-man began to call for helpers, and the Curlew, who was flying over, saw the trouble, and came down to the ground to help.
In those days Curlew had a short, stubby bill, and he thought that he could break the rock by pecking it.
He pecked and pecked away without making any headway, till OLD-man grew angry at him, as he did at the Coyote.
The harder the Curlew worked, the worse OLD-man scolded him.
OLD-man lost his temper altogether, you see, which is a bad thing to do, for we lose our friends with it, often.
Temper is like a bad dog about a lodge no friends will come to see us when he is about.
"Curlew did his best but finally said: 'I'll go and try to find somebody else to help you.
I guess I am too small and weak.

"Good-bye, my little friend," returned the doctor.
"Dombey, Dombey, you have always been my favourite pupil."
"God bless you!"
said Cornelia, taking both Paul's hands in hers.
And it showed, Paul thought, how easily one might do injustice to a person; for Miss Blimber meant it though she was a Forcer and felt it.
There was a general move after Paul and Florence down the staircase, in which the whole Blimber family were included.
Such a circumstance, Mr.
Feeder said aloud, as has never happened in the case of any former young gentleman within his experience.
The servants, with the butler a stern man at their head, had all an interest in seeing little Dombey go; while the young gentlemen pressed to shake hands with him, crying individually "Dombey, don't forget me!"
Once for a last look, Paul turned and gazed upon the faces addressed to him, and from that time whenever he thought of Dr. Blimber's it came back as he had seen it in this last view; and it never seemed to be a real place, but always a dream, full of faces.
IV.
Paul Goes Out with the Stream 
From the night they brought him home from Dr. Blimber's Paul had never risen from his little bed.
He lay there, listening to the noises in the street, quite tranquilly; not caring much how the time went, but watching it, and watching everywhere about him with observing eyes.

A silence which no earthly sound would seem able to shatter.
A silence which one hears.
On the very edge of the highest cliff, a man stands alone.
Dressed in seal skin, bare-headed, his long, coarse black hair thrown back and mingling with the dog fur trimming of his hood—the Eskimo hunter is watching the sea.
His weather-beaten face is inscrutable.
With slanting eyelids narrowed, his black eyes stare into space without a quiver of an eyelash.
His square jaw is closed tightly.
One hand is holding by the barrel a rifle in its greasy case.
The other clutches a rawhide cartridge pouch.
The man has been there every day for weeks.
Today, after two hours’
watch, he suddenly wheels around, drops his cartridge pouch, picks a handful of cartridges and loads his rifle.
His task finished, he looks again towards the sea for a full minute.

“Ho, ho!
it is thou, then, who art eating up our hay this time,”
 thought the boy; “but I will put a stop to that.” So he pulled out his steel for striking fire, and threw it over the horse, and it stood as still as if it had been nailed to the field, and the boy could do just what he liked with it.
Then he mounted it and rode away to the place where he had the two others, and then he went home again.
Then the two brothers mocked him just as they had done before, and told him that they could see that he must have watched the grass very carefully that night, for he looked just as if he were walking in his sleep; but Cinderlad did not trouble himself about that, but just bade them go to the field and see.
They did go, and this time too the grass was standing, looking as fine and as thick as ever.
The King of the country in which Cinderlad’s father dwelt had a daughter whom he would give to no one who could not ride up to the top of the glass hill, for there was a high, high hill of glass, slippery as ice, and it was close to the King’s palace.
Upon the very top of this the King’s daughter was to sit with three gold apples in her lap, and the man who could ride up and take the three golden apples should marry her, and have half the kingdom.
The King had this proclaimed in every church in the whole kingdom, and in many other kingdoms too.
The Princess was very beautiful, and all who saw her fell violently in love with her, even in spite of themselves.
So it is needless to say that all the princes and knights were eager to win her, and half the kingdom besides, and that for this cause they came riding thither from the very end of the world, dressed so splendidly that their raiments gleamed in the sunshine, and riding on horses which seemed to dance as they went, and there was not one of these princes who did not think that he was sure to win the Princess.
When the day appointed by the King had come, there was such a host of knights and princes under the glass hill that they seemed to swarm, and everyone who could walk or even creep was there too, to see who won the King’s daughter.
Cinderlad’s two brothers were there too, but they would not hear of letting him go with them, for he was so dirty and black with sleeping and grubbing among the ashes that they said everyone would laugh at them if they were seen in the company of such an oaf.

I cannot let myself be seen by my people.
I wish you had been made to run the soles off your shoes!” Then he took out a sack of pearls which lay in the rushes, and without saying a word more he dragged it away and disappeared behind a stone.
It happened that soon afterwards the mother sent the two children to the town to buy needles and thread, and laces and ribbons.
The road led them across a heath upon which huge pieces of rock lay strewn here and there.
Now they noticed a large bird hovering in the air, flying slowly round and round above them; it sank lower and lower, and at last settled near a rock not far off.
Directly afterwards they heard a loud, piteous cry.
They ran up and saw with horror that the eagle had seized their old acquaintance the dwarf, and was going to carry him off.
The children, full of pity, at once took tight hold of the little man, and pulled against the eagle so long that at last he let his booty go.
As soon as the dwarf had recovered from his first fright he cried with his shrill voice, “Could you not have done it more carefully!
You dragged at my brown coat so that it is all torn and full of holes, you helpless clumsy creatures!” Then he took up a sack full of precious stones, and slipped away again under the rock into his hole.
The girls, who by this time were used to his thanklessness, went on their way and did their business in the town.
As they crossed the heath again on their way home they surprised the dwarf, who had emptied out his bag of precious stones in a clean spot, and had not thought that anyone would come there so late.

She could see many miles around her, and the sky above looked like a bell of glass.
She had seen the ships, but at such a great distance that they looked like sea gulls.
The dolphins sported in the waves, and the great whales spouted water from their nostrils till it seemed as if a hundred fountains were playing in every direction.
The fifth sister's birthday occurred in the winter, so when her turn came she saw what the others had not seen the first time they went up.
The sea looked quite green, and large icebergs were floating about, each like a pearl, she said, but larger and loftier than the churches built by men.
They were of the most singular shapes and glittered like diamonds.
She had seated herself on one of the largest and let the wind play with her long hair.
She noticed that all the ships sailed past very rapidly, steering as far away as they could, as if they were afraid of the iceberg.
Towards evening, as the sun went down, dark clouds covered the sky, the thunder rolled, and the flashes of lightning glowed red on the icebergs as they were tossed about by the heaving sea.
On all the ships the sails were reefed with fear and trembling, while she sat on the floating iceberg, calmly watching the lightning as it darted its forked flashes into the sea.
Each of the sisters, when first she had permission to rise to the surface, was delighted with the new and beautiful sights.
Now that they were grown-up girls and could go when they pleased, they had become quite indifferent about it.

But what is the matter!
She doesn't notice a word!
Miss Manette!”
Perfectly still and silent, and not even fallen back in her chair, she sat under his hand, utterly insensible; with her eyes open and fixed upon him, and with that last expression looking as if it were carved or branded into her forehead.
So close was her hold upon his arm, that he feared to detach himself lest he should hurt her; therefore he called out loudly for assistance without moving.
A wild-looking woman, whom even in his agitation, Mr. Lorry observed to be all of a red colour, and to have red hair, and to be dressed in some extraordinary tight-fitting fashion, and to have on her head a most wonderful bonnet like a Grenadier wooden measure, and good measure too, or a great Stilton cheese, came running into the room in advance of the inn servants, and soon settled the question of his detachment from the poor young lady, by laying a brawny hand upon his chest, and sending him flying back against the nearest wall.
(“I really think this must be a man!” was Mr. Lorry's breathless reflection, simultaneously with his coming against the wall.)
“Why, look at you all!” bawled this figure, addressing the inn servants.
“Why don't you go and fetch things, instead of standing there staring at me?
I am not so much to look at, am I?
Why don't you go and fetch things?
I'll let you know, if you don't bring smelling-salts, cold water, and vinegar, quick, I will.”
There was an immediate dispersal for these restoratives, and she softly laid the patient on a sofa, and tended her with great skill and gentleness: calling her “my precious!” and “my bird!” and spreading her golden hair aside over her shoulders with great pride and care.
“And you in brown!” she said, indignantly turning to Mr. Lorry; “couldn't you tell her what you had to tell her, without frightening her to death?

He had the power to change his form as he willed, and he decided to go to Pomona in disguise to see if he could not win her by appealing to her pity.
She was obliged to buy her grain, and one day in October when the apple boughs bent low with their great red and yellow balls a reaper came to the orchard gate with a basket of ears of corn for Pomona.
"I ask no gold for my grain," he said to the goddess, "I want only a basket full of fruit in return for it."
"My fruit is not to be given away or bartered for.
It is mine and mine alone until it spoils," Pomona replied, driving the reaper away.
But the following day a farmer stopped at the orchard, an ox goad in his hand as if he had just unyoked a pair of weary oxen from his hay cart, left them resting beside some stream, and had gone on to ask refreshment for himself.
Pomona invited him into her orchard, but she did not offer him a single apple.
As soon as the sun began to lower she bade him be on his way.
In the days that followed Vertumnus came to Pomona in many guises.
He appeared with a pruning hook and a ladder as if he were a vine dresser ready and willing to climb up into her trees and help her gather the harvest.
But Pomona scorned his services.
Then Vertumnus trudged along as a discharged soldier in need of alms, and again with a fishing rod and a string of fish to exchange for only one apple.

“Better to be a rational creature,” he added then, after ringing a small bell on the table, “and accept your natural destiny.
But you are lost, Monsieur Charles, I see.”
“This property and France are lost to me,” said the nephew, sadly; “I renounce them.”
“Are they both yours to renounce?
France may be, but is the property?
It is scarcely worth mentioning; but, is it yet?”
“I had no intention, in the words I used, to claim it yet.
If it passed to me from you, to-morrow ”
“Which I have the vanity to hope is not probable.”
“ or twenty years hence ”
“You do me too much honour,” said the Marquis; “still, I prefer that supposition.”
“ I would abandon it, and live otherwise and elsewhere.
It is little to relinquish.
What is it but a wilderness of misery and ruin!”
“Hah!” said the Marquis, glancing round the luxurious room.
“To the eye it is fair enough, here; but seen in its integrity, under the sky, and by the daylight, it is a crumbling tower of waste, mismanagement, extortion, debt, mortgage, oppression, hunger, nakedness, and suffering.”
“Hah!” said the Marquis again, in a well-satisfied manner.
“If it ever becomes mine, it shall be put into some hands better qualified to free it slowly (if such a thing is possible) from the weight that drags it down, so that the miserable people who cannot leave it and who have been long wrung to the last point of endurance, may, in another generation, suffer less; but it is not for me.
There is a curse on it, and on all this land.”
“And you?” said the uncle.
“Forgive my curiosity; do you, under your new philosophy, graciously intend to live?”
“I must do, to live, what others of my countrymen, even with nobility at their backs, may have to do some day work.”
“In England, for example?”
“Yes.
The family honour, sir, is safe from me in this country.

a woman's voice sounded thin and far away.
"Vashty-y!
Yo' heah me, chile?"
Vashti rose to her feet with a sigh.
"That's my ma," she said regretfully.
"What do yo' care?"
asked Gideon.
"Let her yell awhile."
The girl shook her head.
"Ma's a moughty pow'ful 'oman, and she done got a club 'bout the size o' my wrist."
She moved off a step or so, and glanced back at him.
Gideon leaped to his feet.

U Lurmangkhara fell deeply in love with her, and determined to go down to the earth to marry her and to endow her with all his wealth, for he was very rich and had always lived in great splendour.
When his relations and friends heard of his purpose, they were much disturbed, and they came to remonstrate with him against what they considered to be a very rash and risky step to go to a foreign land to make his home and to mate with an unknown consort whose habits and outlook on life might be altogether alien to him.
But U Lurmangkhara would listen to no counsel.
Persons in love never take heed of other people's advice.
Down to the earth he came, and there married Ka Panshandi and endowed her with all his wealth.
When Ka Panshandi found herself a rich wife, having unexpectedly won one of the noblest husbands in the world, her vanity knew no bounds, and she grew more indolent and idle than ever.
Her house was squalid, and she minded not when even her own body was daubed with mud, and she felt no shame to see her husband's meals served off unscoured platters.
U Lurmangkhara was very disappointed; being patient and gentle, he tried by kind words to teach his wife to amend her ways, but it was of no avail.
Gradually he grew discontented and spoke angrily to her, but she remained as callous and as indifferent as ever, for it is easier to turn even a thief from stealing than to induce a sluggard to renounce his sloth.
He threatened to leave her, her neighbours also repeatedly warned her that she would lose her good husband unless she altered her ways, but she remained as unconcerned as ever.
At last, driven to despair, U Lurmangkhara gathered together all his wealth and went back to his home in the sky.
Ka Panshandi was filled with remorse and grief when she found that her husband had departed.

"What is seventy?"
said the child.
"I hate it, anyway, and I won't be it."
"Hurrah!"
said the man, "I hate it, too, and I won't be it, either.
But as to the birds; how many should you think there were?
Have you seen any of them?"
"I've seen lots and lots!"
said the child, "and I've heard all the rest.
When I woke up, they were singing and singing, as if they were seeing who could most.
One of them came in the window, and he sat on my toe, and he was yellow.
Then I said, 'Boo!'

Mr. and Mrs. March looked at one another with an anxious expression, as their eyes followed Meg.
Jo had sudden fits of sobriety, and was seen to shake her fist at Mr. Brooke's umbrella, which had been left in the hall.
Meg was absent-minded, shy, and silent, started when the bell rang, and colored when John's name was mentioned.
Amy said, "Everyone seemed waiting for something, and couldn't settle down, which was queer, since Father was safe at home,"
and Beth innocently wondered why their neighbors didn't run over as usual.
Laurie went by in the afternoon, and seeing Meg at the window, seemed suddenly possessed with a melodramatic fit, for he fell down on one knee in the snow, beat his breast, tore his hair, and clasped his hands imploringly, as if begging some boon.
And when Meg told him to behave himself and go away, he wrung imaginary tears out of his handkerchief, and staggered round the corner as if in utter despair.
"What does the goose mean?"
said Meg, laughing and trying to look unconscious.
"He's showing you how your John will go on by-and-by.
Touching, isn't it?"
answered Jo scornfully.
"Don't say my John, it isn't proper or true," but Meg's voice lingered over the words as if they sounded pleasant to her.

We were all assembled round him when the door opened, and a tall, gaunt woman entered the room.
“Mrs.
Toller!” cried Miss Hunter.
“Yes, miss.
Mr. Rucastle let me out when he came back before he went up to you.
Ah, miss, it is a pity you didn’t let me know what you were planning, for I would have told you that your pains were wasted.”
“Ha!” said Holmes, looking keenly at her.
“It is clear that Mrs. Toller knows more about this matter than anyone else.”
“Yes, sir, I do, and I am ready enough to tell what I know.”
“Then, pray, sit down, and let us hear it for there are several points on which I must confess that I am still in the dark.”
“I will soon make it clear to you,” said she; “and I’d have done so before now if I could ha’ got out from the cellar.
If there’s police-court business over this, you’ll remember that I was the one that stood your friend, and that I was Miss Alice’s friend too.
“She was never happy at home, Miss Alice wasn’t, from the time that her father married again.
She was slighted like and had no say in anything, but it never really became bad for her until after she met Mr. Fowler at a friend’s house.
As well as I could learn, Miss Alice had rights of her own by will, but she was so quiet and patient, she was, that she never said a word about them but just left everything in Mr. Rucastle’s hands.
He knew he was safe with her; but when there was a chance of a husband coming forward, who would ask for all that the law would give him, then her father thought it time to put a stop on it.

It will make you fat!
Now, Gretel, you have stood still long enough.
Hocus, pocus, elder bush!
Rigid body loosen, hush!
Then, Gretel, you must come with me, but Hans cannot move until he gets nice and fat like you.
Run in, little daughter, and get some more nuts and raisins for him.
I like plump little bodies like yours!
[Gretel goes in.]
Hänsel.
Please let me out, Mrs.
Gingerbread.
The Gingerbread Witch.

But even while they spoke their lights went out."
"What a capital story!"
said the queen.
"I feel as if I were really in the kitchen and could see the matches.
Yes, you shall marry our daughter."
"Certainly," said the king, "thou shalt have our daughter."
The king said "thou" to him because he was going to be one of the family.
The wedding day was fixed, and on the evening before, the whole city was illuminated.
Cakes and sweetmeats were thrown among the people.
The street boys stood on tiptoe and shouted "Hurrah," and whistled between their fingers.
Altogether it was a very splendid affair.
"I will give them another treat," said the merchant's son.

But it happened that she was rather a mischievous little maid, and could not resist teasing her pets, so one of them scratched her, and then she would play with them no longer.
She got up and trotted away into the wood behind her mother's house, and it was such a warm, pleasant day that she wandered on and on until she came into a part of the wood where she had never been before.
Now, in this wood there lived a family of three Bears.
The first was a GREAT BIG BEAR, the second was a MIDDLING-SIZED BEAR, and the third was a LITTLE TEENY TINY BEAR, and they all lived together in a funny little house, and very happy they were.
Goldilocks stopped when she came to the Bears' house, and began to wonder who lived there.
"I'll just look in and see," she said, and so she did; but there was no one there, for the Bears had all gone out for a morning walk, whilst the soup they were going to have for dinner cooled upon the table.
Goldilocks was rather hungry after her walk, and the soup smelt so good that she began to wish the people of the house would come home and invite her to have some.
But although she looked everywhere, under the table and into the cupboards, she could find no one, and at last she could resist no longer, but made up her mind to take just a little sip to see how the soup tasted.
The soup had been put into three bowls a Great Big Bowl for the Great Big Bear, a Middling-sized Bowl for the Middling-sized Bear, and a Teeny Tiny Bowl for the Teeny Tiny Bear; beside each bowl lay a spoon, and Goldilocks took one and helped herself to a spoonful of soup from the Great Big Bowl.
Ugh!
how it burnt her mouth; it was so hot with pepper that she did not like it at all; still, she was very hungry, so she thought she would try again.
This time she took a sip of the Middling-sized Bear's soup, but she liked that no better, for it was too salt.

Nothing could withstand the charm of his music.
Not only the farmers and shepherds, the nymphs and fauns of Arcadian woods and fields were softened and drawn by his tunes, but the wild beasts as well laid by their fierceness and stood, entranced, at his strains.
Orpheus touched his lyre again and played an even lovelier song.
And out of the forest glided the nymph, Eurydice, taking her place near Orpheus.
His music had won her devotion and Hymen, the god of marriage, had made the two very happy.
Their deepest wish was that they might never be separated.
The whole of Arcadia was charmed by Orpheus' lute.
No, there was just one person in that beautiful country who positively disliked music, and that was the bee-man, Aristaeus.
In fact, Aristaeus could not see the value of anything beautiful, the statues and vases in the temple of Apollo, the tapestries the weavers decorated with so many soft colors, the tints of the wild flowers, or the arch of the rainbow in the sky after a shower.
This bee-man could find no interest in anything except his combs of yellow honey, their number, and how many gold coins he would be paid for them.
Not only did Aristaeus dislike beautiful things, but he did not want others to enjoy them.
A cross old Arcadian, was he not?

As he spoke, the cloak bounded forward and went skimming through the air, faster than the very fastest railway train.
"Gee-up, gee-up!"
cried Prince Dolor in great excitement.
"This is as good as riding a horse," and tossed his head back to meet the fresh breeze, and pulled his coat-collar up and his hat down, as he felt the wind grow keener and colder, colder than anything he had ever known.
"What does it matter, though?"
said he.
"I'm a boy, and boys ought not to mind anything."
Still, by-and-by he began to shiver, and, as he had come away without his dinner, grew frightfully hungry.
The sunshine changed to rain, and he got soaked through and through in a very few minutes.
"Shall I turn back?"
meditated he.
"Suppose I say, 'Abracadabra?'"

The king begged forgiveness for his former fault, and requested him to revive his daughter.
"Bring me within an hour all the corpses of men and cattle, dying and dead, that remain unburnt or unburied within the range of your dominions; I shall revive them all," were the only words that Gangazara spoke.
Cartloads of corpses of men and cattle began to come in every minute.
Even graves, it is said, were broken open, and corpses buried a day or two before were taken out and sent for their revival.
As soon as all were ready, Gangazara took a vessel full of water and sprinkled it over them all, thinking only of his snake-king and tiger-king.
All rose up as if from deep slumber, and went to their respective homes.
The princess, too, was restored to life.
The joy of the king knew no bounds.
He cursed the day on which he imprisoned him, blamed himself for having believed the word of a goldsmith, and offered him the hand of his daughter and the whole kingdom, instead of half, as he promised.
Gangazara would not accept anything, but asked the king to assemble all his subjects in a wood near the town.
"I shall there call in all the tigers and serpents, and give them a general order."
When the whole town was assembled, just at the dusk of evening, Gangazara sat dumb for a moment, and thought upon the Tiger King and the Serpent King, who came with all their armies.

The Colonel did not move.
"I believe I have already indicated my meaning in what I have called 'your attentions,'" said the Colonel, blandly, "and given you my 'concern' for speaking as er er mutual friend.
As to your statement of your relations with Miss Hooker, I may state that it is fully corroborated by the statement of the young lady herself in this very office yesterday."
"Then what does this impertinent nonsense mean?
Why am I summoned here?"
said Hotchkiss, furiously.
"Because," said the Colonel, deliberately, "that statement is infamously yes, damnably to your discredit, sir!"
Mr. Hotchkiss was here seized by one of those important and inconsistent rages which occasionally betray the habitually cautious and timid man.
He caught up the Colonel's stick, which was lying on the table.
At the same moment the Colonel, without any apparent effort, grasped it by the handle.
To Mr. Hotchkiss's astonishment, the stick separated in two pieces, leaving the handle and about two feet of narrow glittering steel in the Colonel's hand.
The man recoiled, dropping the useless fragment.

Being crowned is much more tiring work than you would suppose, and by the time it was over, and Lionel had worn the Royal robes for an hour or two and had had his hand kissed by everybody whose business it was to do it, he was quite worn out, and was very glad to get into the Palace nursery.
Nurse was there, and tea was ready: seedy cake and plummy cake, and jam and hot buttered toast, and the prettiest china with red and gold and blue flowers on it, and real tea, and as many cups of it as you liked.
After tea Lionel said: "I think I should like a book.
Will you get me one, Nurse?"
"Bless the child," said Nurse.
"You don't suppose you've lost the use of your legs with just being a King?
Run along, do, and get your books yourself."
So Lionel went down into the library.
The Prime Minister and the Chancellor were there, and when Lionel came in they bowed very low, and were beginning to ask Lionel most politely what on earth he was coming bothering for now when Lionel cried out: "Oh, what a worldful of books!
Are they yours?"
"They are yours, Your Majesty," answered the Chancellor.
"They were the property of the late King, your great-great "
"Yes, I know," Lionel interrupted.

Nevertheless, the idea seized upon her imagination; and, ever and anon, she took a glimpse out of the window, half dreaming that she might see the golden-haired children of paradise sporting with her own golden-haired Violet and bright-cheeked Peony.
Now, for a few moments, there was a busy and earnest, but indistinct hum of the two children's voices, as Violet and Peony wrought together with one happy consent.
Violet still seemed to be the guiding spirit, while Peony acted rather as a laborer, and brought her the snow from far and near.
And yet the little urchin evidently had a proper understanding of the matter, too!
"Peony, Peony!"
cried Violet; for her brother was again at the other side of the garden.
"Bring me those light wreaths of snow that have rested on the lower branches of the pear-tree.
You can clamber on the snowdrift, Peony, and reach them easily.
I must have them to make some ringlets for our snow-sister's head!"
"Here they are, Violet!"
answered the little boy.
"Take care you do not break them.

"Nix on the salary thing.
I wouldn't take a dime.
If it hadn't 'a' been for you, I'd have been waiting still for a chance of lining up in the championship class.
That's good enough for me.
Any old thing you want me to do, I'll do it, and glad to."
"Comrade Brady," said Smith warmly, "you are, if I may say so, the goods.
You are, beyond a doubt, supremely the stuff.
We three, then, hand-in-hand, will face the foe, and if the foe has good, sound sense, he will keep right away.
You appear to be ready.
Shall we meander forth?"
The building was empty and the lights were out when they emerged from the dressing-room.
They had to grope their way in darkness.

and jubilant cackles from the victorious gander and his admiring family.
Aunt Targood sometimes took summer boarders.
Among those that I remember was the Rev.
Mr. Bonney, a fervent-souled Methodist preacher.
He put the gander to flight with the cart whip, on the second day after his arrival, and seemingly to aunt's great grief; but he never was troubled by the feathered tyrant again.
Young couples sometimes came to Father Bonney to be married; and one summer afternoon there rode up to the gate a very young couple, whom we afterward learned had "run away," or rather, had attempted to get married without their parents' approval.
The young bridegroom hitched the horse, and helped from the carriage the gayly dressed miss he expected to make his wife.
They started up the walk upon the run, as though they expected to be followed and haste was necessary to prevent the failure of their plans.
"Honk!"
They stopped.
It was a voice of authority.
"Just look at him!"

The destroyer knelt down to look at them.
"What is more potent than fire!"
said he, in his gloomiest tone.
"Even thought, invisible and incorporeal as it is, cannot escape it.
In this little time, it has annihilated the creations of long nights and days, which I could no more reproduce, in their first glow and freshness, than cause ashes and whitened bones to rise up and live.
There, too, I sacrificed the unborn children of my mind.
All that I had accomplished all that I planned for future years has perished by one common ruin, and left only this heap of embers!
The deed has been my fate.
And what remains?
A weary and aimless life, a long repentance of this hour, and at last an obscure grave, where they will bury and forget me!"
As the author concluded his dolorous moan, the extinguished embers arose and settled down and arose again, and finally flew up the chimney, like a demon with sable wings.
Just as they disappeared, there was a loud and solitary cry in the street below us.

At first she did not know what was the matter with her, but found at length that it was home-sickness: although she was many thousand times better off here than at home, still she had a longing to be there.
At last she said to the old woman, “I have a longing for home; and however well off I am down here, I cannot stay any longer; I must go up again to my own people.” Mother Holle said, “I am pleased that you long for your home again, and as you have served me so truly, I myself will take you up again.” Thereupon she took her by the hand, and led her to a large door.
The door was opened, and just as the maiden was standing beneath the doorway, a heavy shower of golden rain fell, and all the gold remained sticking to her, so that she was completely covered over with it.
“You shall have that because you have been so industrious,” said Mother Holle, and at the same time she gave her back the shuttle which she had let fall into the well.
Thereupon the door closed, and the maiden found herself up above upon the earth, not far from her mother’s house.
And as she went into the yard the cock was standing by the well-side, and cried—
“Cock-a-doodle-doo!
Your golden girl’s come back to you!”
So she went in to her mother, and as she arrived thus covered with gold, she was well received, both by her and her sister.
The girl told all that had happened to her; and as soon as the mother heard how she had come by so much wealth, she was very anxious to obtain the same good luck for the ugly and lazy daughter.
She had to seat herself by the well and spin; and in order that her shuttle might be stained with blood, she stuck her hand into a thorn bush and pricked her finger.
Then she threw her shuttle into the well, and jumped in after it.
She came, like the other, to the beautiful meadow and walked along the very same path.
When she got to the oven the bread again cried, “Oh, take me out!

And now what are we to do here in the dark?”
“Wait until the Shark has digested us both, I suppose.”
“But I don’t want to be digested,” shouted Pinocchio, starting to sob.
“Neither do I,” said the Tunny, “but I am wise enough to think that if one is born a fish, it is more dignified to die under the water than in the frying pan.”
“What nonsense!” cried Pinocchio.
“Mine is an opinion,” replied the Tunny, “and opinions should be respected.”
“But I want to get out of this place.
I want to escape.”
“Go, if you can!”
“Is this Shark that has swallowed us very long?” asked the Marionette.
“His body, not counting the tail, is almost a mile long.”
While talking in the darkness, Pinocchio thought he saw a faint light in the distance.
“What can that be?” he said to the Tunny.
“Some other poor fish, waiting as patiently as we to be digested by the Shark.”
“I want to see him.
He may be an old fish and may know some way of escape.”
“I wish you all good luck, dear Marionette.”
“Good-by, Tunny.”
“Good-by, Marionette, and good luck.”
“When shall I see you again?”
“Who knows?
It is better not to think about it.”
CHAPTER 35 
In the Shark’s body Pinocchio finds whom?
Read this chapter, my children, and you will know.
Pinocchio, as soon as he had said good-by to his good friend, the Tunny, tottered away in the darkness and began to walk as well as he could toward the faint light which glowed in the distance.
As he walked his feet splashed in a pool of greasy and slippery water, which had such a heavy smell of fish fried in oil that Pinocchio thought it was Lent.

Death or victory!"
"Come on, brave comrades!
Conquer or die!"
and a hundred other outcries, such as men always bellow forth on a battle field, and which these dragon people seemed to have at their tongues' ends.
At last, the front rank caught sight of Jason, who, beholding the flash of so many weapons in the moonlight, had thought it best to draw his sword.
In a moment all the sons of the dragon's teeth appeared to take Jason for an enemy; and crying with one voice, "Guard the Golden Fleece!"
they ran at him with uplifted swords and protruded spears.
Jason knew that it would be impossible to withstand this blood-thirsty battalion with his single arm, but determined, since there was nothing better to be done, to die as valiantly as if he himself had sprung from a dragon's tooth.
Medea, however, bade him snatch up a stone from the ground.
"Throw it among them quickly!"
cried she.
"It is the only way to save yourself."

One day he went with the hunters to the forest, and while pursuing a wild boar, became separated from them.
He got farther and farther away from his companions, and at last found himself alone in a dark part of the wood where he never before had been.
Not knowing in which direction his path lay, he called again and again to the hunters.
At last a hoarse voice answered him, and from the hollow trunk of a lime-tree appeared a hideous man with green eyes and terrible teeth.
"I've waited for you a long time, Prince Milan," said he.
"Who on earth may you be?"
asked the Prince.
"Your father will tell you who I am.
Just give my greetings to his Majesty, and tell him that I am ready to claim the debt he owes me."
The green-eyed man then disappeared into the hollow tree from which he came; and when the Prince reached home, he related his experience to his father.
The King turned white, and cried:
"At last, it has come!"
Then he explained to the Prince what had occurred at the well, and added, "Now my happiness is at an end, for you, my son, will be taken from me."

Then she peeped down, and knew the hare by its collar.
She took him on her lap, carried him into her chamber, and said, “Dear Hare, what dost thou want?” He answered, “My master, who killed the dragon, is here, and has sent me to ask for a loaf of bread like that which the King eats.” Then she was full of joy and had the baker summoned, and ordered him to bring a loaf such as was eaten by the King.
The little hare said, “But the baker must likewise carry it thither for me, that the butchers’ dogs may do no harm to me.” The baker carried if for him as far as the door of the inn, and then the hare got on his hind legs, took the loaf in his front paws, and carried it to his master.
Then said the huntsman, “Behold, sir host, the hundred pieces of gold are mine.” The host was astonished, but the huntsman went on to say, “Yes, sir host, I have the bread, but now I will likewise have some of the King’s roast meat.”
The host said, “I should indeed like to see that,” but he would make no more wagers.
The huntsman called the fox and said, “My little fox, go and fetch me some roast meat, such as the King eats.” The red fox knew the bye-ways better, and went by holes and corners without any dog seeing him, seated himself under the chair of the King’s daughter, and scratched her foot.
Then she looked down and recognized the fox by its collar, took him into her chamber with her and said, “Dear fox, what dost thou want?” He answered, “My master, who killed the dragon, is here, and has sent me.
I am to ask for some roast meat such as the King is eating.” Then she made the cook come, who was obliged to prepare a roast joint, the same as was eaten by the King, and to carry it for the fox as far as the door.
Then the fox took the dish, waved away with his tail the flies which had settled on the meat, and then carried it to his master.
“Behold, sir host,” said the huntsman, “bread and meat are here but now I will also have proper vegetables with it, such as are eaten by the King.” Then he called the wolf, and said, “Dear Wolf, go thither and fetch me vegetables such as the King eats.” Then the wolf went straight to the palace, as he feared no one, and when he got to the King’s daughter’s chamber, he twitched at the back of her dress, so that she was forced to look round.
She recognized him by his collar, and took him into her chamber with her, and said, “Dear Wolf, what dost thou want?” He answered, “My master, who killed the dragon, is here, I am to ask for some vegetables, such as the King eats.” Then she made the cook come, and he had to make ready a dish of vegetables, such as the King ate, and had to carry it for the wolf as far as the door, and then the wolf took the dish from him, and carried it to his master.
“Behold, sir host,” said the huntsman, “now I have bread and meat and vegetables, but I will also have some pastry to eat like that which the King eats.” He called the bear, and said, “Dear Bear, thou art fond of licking anything sweet; go and bring me some confectionery, such as the King eats.” Then the bear trotted to the palace, and every one got out of his way, but when he went to the guard, they presented their muskets, and would not let him go into the royal palace.
But he got up on his hind legs, and gave them a few boxes on the ears, right and left, with his paws, so that the whole watch broke up, and then he went straight to the King’s daughter, placed himself behind her, and growled a little.

As for a situation, I should much like to find one for I am anxious to discover what I really am fit for.
I have learned a good deal in the last four years, and, besides, I read a great many Russian books.”
“Russian books, indeed?
Then, of course, you can read and write quite correctly?”
“Oh dear, yes!”
“Capital!
And your handwriting?”
“Ah, there I am really talented!
I may say I am a real caligraphist.
Let me write you something, just to show you,” said the prince, with some excitement.
“With pleasure!
In fact, it is very necessary.
I like your readiness, prince; in fact, I must say I I like you very well, altogether,” said the general.
“What delightful writing materials you have here, such a lot of pencils and things, and what beautiful paper!
It’s a charming room altogether.
I know that picture, it’s a Swiss view.

asked Sallie.
"My old white one again, if I can mend it fit to be seen, it got sadly torn last night," said Meg, trying to speak quite easily, but feeling very uncomfortable.
"Why don't you send home for another?"
said Sallie, who was not an observing young lady.
"I haven't got any other."
It cost Meg an effort to say that, but Sallie did not see it and exclaimed in amiable surprise, "Only that?
How funny..."  She did not finish her speech, for Belle shook her head at her and broke in, saying kindly...
"Not at all.
Where is the use of having a lot of dresses when she isn't out yet?
There's no need of sending home, Daisy, even if you had a dozen, for I've got a sweet blue silk laid away, which I've outgrown, and you shall wear it to please me, won't you, dear?"
"You are very kind, but I don't mind my old dress if you don't, it does well enough for a little girl like me," said Meg.
"Now do let me please myself by dressing you up in style.
I admire to do it, and you'd be a regular little beauty with a touch here and there.

His heels would quickly fly higher than his head, if he were silly enough to put them on.
And a helmet of invisibility!
How could a helmet make him invisible, unless it were big enough for him to hide under it?
And an enchanted wallet!
What sort of a contrivance may that be, I wonder?
No, no, good stranger!
we can tell you nothing of these marvelous things.
You have two eyes of your own, and we have but a single one amongst us three.
You can find out such wonders better than three blind old creatures, like us."
Perseus, hearing them talk in this way, began really to think that the Gray Women knew nothing of the matter; and, as it grieved him to have put them to so much trouble, he was just on the point of restoring their eye and asking pardon for his rudeness in snatching it away.
But Quicksilver caught his hand.
"Don't let them make a fool of you!"

he asked.
"How did you get past Sam?"
"Sam?
I didn't see no Sam.
Who's Sam?"
"One of those fellows.
A coon.
They left him on guard with a gun, so that I shouldn't get down."
"Ah, I met a coon beating it down de stairs.
I guess dat was him.
I guess he got cold feet."
"Then there's nothing to stop us from getting down."

That done, as he was so faint and weary with the fire and the battle, he said to the maiden, “We are both faint and weary, we will sleep awhile.” Then she said, “yes,” and they lay down on the ground, and the huntsman said to the lion, “Thou shalt keep watch, that no one surprises us in our sleep,” and both fell asleep.
The lion lay down beside them to watch, but he also was so weary with the fight, that he called to the bear and said, “Lie down near me, I must sleep a little:
if anything comes, waken me.” Then the bear lay down beside him, but he also was tired, and called the wolf and said, “Lie down by me, I must sleep a little, but if anything comes, waken me.” Then the wolf lay down by him, but he was tired likewise, and called the fox and said, “Lie down by me, I must sleep a little; if anything comes, waken me.”
Then the fox lay down beside him, but he too was weary, and called the hare and said, “Lie down near me, I must sleep a little, and if anything should come, waken me.” Then the hare sat down by him, but the poor hare was tired too, and had no one whom he could call there to keep watch, and fell asleep.
And now the King’s daughter, the huntsman, the lion, the bear, the wolf, the fox, and the hare, were all sleeping a sound sleep.
The marshal, however, who was to look on from a distance, took courage when he did not see the dragon flying away with the maiden, and finding that all the hill had become quiet, ascended it.
There lay the dragon hacked and hewn to pieces on the ground, and not far from it were the King’s daughter and a huntsman with his animals, and all of them were sunk in a sound sleep.
And as he was wicked and godless he took his sword, cut off the huntsman’s head, and seized the maiden in his arms, and carried her down the hill.
Then she awoke and was terrified, but the marshal said, “Thou art in my hands, thou shalt say that it was I who killed the dragon.” “I cannot do that,” she replied, “for it was a huntsman with his animals who did it.” Then he drew his sword, and threatened to kill her if she did not obey him, and so compelled her that she promised it.
Then he took her to the King, who did not know how to contain himself for joy when he once more looked on his dear child in life, whom he had believed to have been torn to pieces by the monster.
The marshal said to him, “I have killed the dragon, and delivered the maiden and the whole kingdom as well, therefore I demand her as my wife, as was promised.” The King said to the maiden, “Is what he says true?” “Ah, yes,” she answered, “it must indeed be true, but I will not consent to have the wedding celebrated until after a year and a day,” for she thought in that time she should hear something of her dear huntsman.
The animals, however, were still lying sleeping beside their dead master on the dragon’s hill, and there came a great humble-bee and lighted on the hare’s nose, but the hare wiped it off with his paw, and went on sleeping.
The humble-bee came a second time, but the hare again rubbed it off and slept on.
Then it came for the third time, and stung his nose so that he awoke.

Before he could get back to his companions he saw with dismay that the cloth was nearly burnt out, and the heat from the fire behind him began to singe his long hair; whereupon, fearing to be burnt alive, he plunged into the sea and the flames were extinguished.
From that time the monkey's hair has been grey and short as a sign that he once set the forests of Ceylon on fire.
XXIII 
THE LEGEND OF KA PANSHANDI, THE LAZY TORTOISE 
Once upon a time there lived a young tortoise near a large pool.
She was very ill-favoured and ugly in appearance and very foolish, as well as being of a lazy disposition, and, like all lazy people, she was slovenly and dirty in her habits.
Her name was Ka Panshandi.
The pool near which she lived being very clear, the stars and other heavenly bodies often gazed into it to behold their own images.
At times the reflection of countless shining, blinking stars would be visible in the placid waters till the pool looked like a little part of the sky.
At such times Ka Panshandi took immense delight in plunging into the pool, darting backwards and forwards and twirling round the bright silvery spots with great glee and contentment.
Among those who came frequently to gaze at themselves in the pool was U Lurmangkhara, the brightest of all the stars; he began to notice the playful gambols of Ka Panshandi in the water and to admire her twirling motions.
He lived so far away that he could not see her ugliness, nor could he know that she was lazy and foolish.
All he knew was that she exposed herself nightly to the chilly waters of the pool in order (as he thought) to have the pleasure of being near the images of the stars, which was very flattering to his vanity.
If she was so strongly attracted by their images, he thought to himself, how much more would she adore the real live stars if she were brought into contact with them.

At the same time her own tears fell thick and fast at the joy of meeting her old friend again, and these tears did not need to be wiped away.
As for the Lion, he wiped his eyes so often with the tip of his tail that it became quite wet, and he was obliged to go out into the courtyard and hold it in the sun till it dried.
"If we only had the Scarecrow with us again," said the Tin Woodman, when Dorothy had finished telling him everything that had happened, "I should be quite happy."
"We must try to find him," said the girl.
So she called the Winkies to help her, and they walked all that day and part of the next until they came to the tall tree in the branches of which the Winged Monkeys had tossed the Scarecrow's clothes.
It was a very tall tree, and the trunk was so smooth that no one could climb it; but the Woodman said at once, "I'll chop it down, and then we can get the Scarecrow's clothes."
Now while the tinsmiths had been at work mending the Woodman himself, another of the Winkies, who was a goldsmith, had made an axe-handle of solid gold and fitted it to the Woodman's axe, instead of the old broken handle.
Others polished the blade until all the rust was removed and it glistened like burnished silver.
As soon as he had spoken, the Tin Woodman began to chop, and in a short time the tree fell over with a crash, whereupon the Scarecrow's clothes fell out of the branches and rolled off on the ground.
Dorothy picked them up and had the Winkies carry them back to the castle, where they were stuffed with nice, clean straw; and behold!
here was the Scarecrow, as good as ever, thanking them over and over again for saving him.
Now that they were reunited, Dorothy and her friends spent a few happy days at the Yellow Castle, where they found everything they needed to make them comfortable.

The success of this scheme depended, it is true, on the doubtful point whether all the fifty heroes might not be snapped up, at so many mouthfuls, by the dragon.
But, as Jason was hastening down the palace steps, the Princess Medea called after him, and beckoned him to return.
Her black eyes shone upon him with such a keen intelligence, that he felt as if there were a serpent peeping out of them; and, although she had done him so much service only the night before, he was by no means very certain that she would not do him an equally great mischief before sunset.
These enchantresses, you must know, are never to be depended upon.
"What says King Aetes, my royal and upright father?"
inquired Medea, slightly smiling.
"Will he give you the Golden Fleece, without any further risk or trouble?"
"On the contrary," answered Jason, "he is very angry with me for taming the brazen bulls and sowing the dragon's teeth.
And he forbids me to make any more attempts, and positively refuses to give up the Golden Fleece, whether I slay the dragon or no."
"Yes, Jason," said the princess, "and I can tell you more.
Unless you set sail from Colchis before to-morrow's sunrise, the king means to burn your fifty-oared galley, and put yourself and your forty-nine brave comrades to the sword.
But be of good courage.

Huck was sitting on the gunwale of a flatboat, listlessly dangling his feet in the water and looking very melancholy.
Tom concluded to let Huck lead up to the subject.
If he did not do it, then the adventure would be proved to have been only a dream.
“Hello, Huck!”
“Hello, yourself.”
Silence, for a minute.
“Tom, if we'd 'a' left the blame tools at the dead tree, we'd 'a' got the money.
Oh, ain't it awful!”
“'Tain't a dream, then, 'tain't a dream!
Somehow I most wish it was.
Dog'd if I don't, Huck.”
“What ain't a dream?”
“Oh, that thing yesterday.
I been half thinking it was.”
“Dream!
If them stairs hadn't broke down you'd 'a' seen how much dream it was!
I've had dreams enough all night with that patch-eyed Spanish devil going for me all through 'em rot him!”
“No, not rot him.
Find him!

But the Quacky Duck, having hit his head against a stone, sank to the bottom of the pond, where he found himself in the frogs' kitchen.
And there he spied a fish, which the frogs had caught for their dinner, intending to share it in a brotherly manner, for it was a savoury fish.
When the Quacky Duck saw it, he was glad; and he said, "Fish is better than frog" (for he was an English duck)!
And, taking the fish, he swam with speed to the shore.
Now the frogs lamented when they saw him go, for they said, "He has our savoury fish!"
And they wept, and reviled the Quacky Duck.
But he said, "Be comforted!
for if I had not found the fish, I should assuredly have eaten you.
Therefore, say now, which is the better for you?"
And he ate the fish, and departed joyful.
AT THE LITTLE BOY'S HOME 
It was a very hot day, and the little boy was lying on his stomach under the big linden tree, reading the "Scottish Chiefs."
"Little Boy," said his mother, "will you please go out in the garden and bring me a head of lettuce?"

First of all they went across a courtyard and then through many long rooms till they came to a big door.
"Here you must enter: here she is," said the Princess.
When he opened the door he found himself in a large hall, where everything was of pure silver; there sat the second sister at a silver spinning-wheel.
"Oh, dear; oh, dear!"
she said.
"What do you want here?"
"I want to set you free from the troll," said the soldier.
"Pray do not stay, but go," said the Princess.
"If he finds you here he will take your life on the spot."
"That would be awkward that is if I don't take his first," said the soldier.
"Well, since you will stay," she said, "you will have to creep behind the big brewing-vat in the front hall.
But you must make haste and come as soon as you hear me calling the hens."

Nell read aloud the inscription, "Jarley's Waxwork."
"That's me," said the lady complacently.
"I never saw any waxwork, ma'am," said Nell.
"Is it funnier than Punch?"
"Funnier!"
said Mrs. Jarley, in a shrill voice.
"It is not funny at all.
It's calm and what's that word again critical?
No classical, that's it it's calm and classical."
In the course of the journey Mrs. Jarley was so taken with the child that she proposed to engage her, and as Nell would not be separated from her grandfather, he was included in the agreement.
"What I want your granddaughter for," said Mrs. Jarley, "is to point 'em out to the company, for she has a way with her that people wouldn't think unpleasant.
It's not a common offer, bear in mind; it's Jarley's Waxwork.

“Now, that bird,” he would say, “is, maybe, two hundred years old, Hawkins they live forever mostly; and if anybody's seen more wickedness, it must be the devil himself.
She's sailed with England, the great Cap'n England, the pirate.
She's been at Madagascar, and at Malabar, and Surinam, and Providence, and Portobello.
She was at the fishing up of the wrecked plate ships.
It's there she learned 'Pieces of eight,' and little wonder; three hundred and fifty thousand of 'em, Hawkins!
She was at the boarding of the viceroy of the Indies out of Goa, she was; and to look at her you would think she was a babby.
But you smelt powder didn't you, cap'n?”
“Stand by to go about,” the parrot would scream.
“Ah, she's a handsome craft, she is,” the cook would say, and give her sugar from his pocket, and then the bird would peck at the bars and swear straight on, passing belief for wickedness.
“There,” John would add, “you can't touch pitch and not be mucked, lad.
Here's this poor old innocent bird o' mine swearing blue fire, and none the wiser, you may lay to that.
She would swear the same, in a manner of speaking, before chaplain.” And John would touch his forelock with a solemn way he had that made me think he was the best of men.
In the meantime, the squire and Captain Smollett were still on pretty distant terms with one another.

There?” he cried, and his eyes were as big as the wolf’s in Red Riding-Hood, when Red Riding-Hood felt called upon to remark on them.
Dickon stood still and the wheeled chair stopped.
“And this,” said Mary, stepping on to the bed close to the ivy, “is where I went to talk to him when he chirped at me from the top of the wall.
And this is the ivy the wind blew back,” and she took hold of the hanging green curtain.
“Oh!
is it—is it!” gasped Colin.
“And here is the handle, and here is the door.
Dickon push him in—push him in quickly!”
And Dickon did it with one strong, steady, splendid push.
But Colin had actually dropped back against his cushions, even though he gasped with delight, and he had covered his eyes with his hands and held them there shutting out everything until they were inside and the chair stopped as if by magic and the door was closed.
Not till then did he take them away and look round and round and round as Dickon and Mary had done.
And over walls and earth and trees and swinging sprays and tendrils the fair green veil of tender little leaves had crept, and in the grass under the trees and the gray urns in the alcoves and here and there everywhere were touches or splashes of gold and purple and white and the trees were showing pink and snow above his head and there were fluttering of wings and faint sweet pipes and humming and scents and scents.
And the sun fell warm upon his face like a hand with a lovely touch.

He was lying on the log—clasping it with both arms—straddling it with both legs.
Little by little we got him alongside.
He was nearly drowned and quite speechless.
With an effort we got him on board.
Then letting the log go after cutting the rope—we paddled ashore.
An hour later our new acquaintance was able to talk and tell us his story.
He was a student and had gone with a party to the upper end of the river in search of gold.
Disgusted with the life, homesick, weak from lack of food and from mosquito bites, he had decided to run away and reach the line.
Stealing a canoe, he had started alone on his journey.
He had never been in the woods before.
When he reached the rapid he missed the portage.
In a second he found himself helpless in the first whirlpool.

It was a wonderful story about a princess who was loved by a Prince Merman, and went to live with him in shining caves under the sea.
The small drudge before the grate swept the hearth once and then swept it again.
Having done it twice, she did it three times; and, as she was doing it the third time, the sound of the story so lured her to listen that she fell under the spell and actually forgot that she had no right to listen at all, and also forgot everything else.
She sat down upon her heels as she knelt on the hearth rug, and the brush hung idly in her fingers.
The voice of the storyteller went on and drew her with it into winding grottos under the sea, glowing with soft, clear blue light, and paved with pure golden sands.
Strange sea flowers and grasses waved about her, and far away faint singing and music echoed.
The hearth brush fell from the work-roughened hand, and Lavinia Herbert looked round.
"That girl has been listening," she said.
The culprit snatched up her brush, and scrambled to her feet.
She caught at the coal box and simply scuttled out of the room like a frightened rabbit.
Sara felt rather hot-tempered.
"I knew she was listening," she said.

It led him on, and he penetrated to where the light was less, and trees crouched nearer and nearer, and holes made ugly mouths at him on either side.
Everything was very still now.
The dusk advanced on him steadily, rapidly, gathering in behind and before; and the light seemed to be draining away like flood-water.
Then the faces began.
It was over his shoulder, and indistinctly, that he first thought he saw a face; a little evil wedge-shaped face, looking out at him from a hole.
When he turned and confronted it, the thing had vanished.
He quickened his pace, telling himself cheerfully not to begin imagining things, or there would be simply no end to it.
He passed another hole, and another, and another; and then yes!
no!
yes!
certainly a little narrow face, with hard eyes, had flashed up for an instant from a hole, and was gone.
He hesitated braced himself up for an effort and strode on.

"Mr. Asher," said Betty, "and Mr. Philpotts, and all the rest of them."
She struggled for a moment, but, unable to resist the temptation, added, "I told you so."
A faint smile appeared upon Smith's face.
"Dey just butted in," said Master Maloney, resuming his narrative.
"I was sittin' here, readin' me book, when de foist of de guys blows in.
'Boy,' says he, 'is de editor in?'
'Nope,' I says.
'I'll go in and wait,' says he.
'Nuttin' doin',' says I.
'Nix on de goin'-in act.'
I might as well have saved me breat!
In he butts.

He opened it, scarcely thinking of the writer, but the first words attracted his attention at once.
“Dear Sir: 
I am Susan Sowerby that made bold to speak to you once on the moor.
It was about Miss Mary I spoke.
I will make bold to speak again.
Please, sir, I would come home if I was you.
I think you would be glad to come and—if you will excuse me, sir—I think your lady would ask you to come if she was here.
Your obedient servant, 
                Susan Sowerby.”
Mr. Craven read the letter twice before he put it back in its envelope.
He kept thinking about the dream.
“I will go back to Misselthwaite,” he said.
“Yes, I’ll go at once.”
And he went through the garden to the villa and ordered Pitcher to prepare for his return to England.
In a few days he was in Yorkshire again, and on his long railroad journey he found himself thinking of his boy as he had never thought in all the ten years past.
During those years he had only wished to forget him.

You and I don't feed alike."
"Ah, but I like you and your ways!
Let me be your chum, and let us feed together."
The Pigeon agreed, and they went on in company.
The Crow pretended to feed along with the Pigeon, but ever and anon he would turn back, peck to bits some heap of cow-dung, and eat a fat worm.
When he had got a bellyful of them, up he flies, as pert as you like:
"Hullo, Mr. Pigeon, what a time you take over your meal!
One ought to draw the line somewhere.
Let's be going home before it is too late."
And so they did.
The cook saw that his Pigeon had brought a friend, and hung up another basket for him.
A few days afterwards there was a great purchase of fish which came to the rich man's kitchen.
How the Crow longed for some!

"Isn't that rather a heavy load?"
he suggested.
"I'd be delighted to help you move the things, don't you know."
"It is quite kind of you, and what the men would call 'game,' I believe, under the circumstances," she answered, "but really it will not be necessary.
We have hired Mr. Tutt and the driver to do the heavier part of the work, and the rest of it will be really a pleasant diversion."
"No doubt," agreed Ralph, with an appreciative grin.
"By the way, you don't happen to know Maud and Dorothy Partridge, of Baltimore, do you?
Stunning pretty girls, both of them, and no end of swells."
"I know so very few people in Baltimore," she murmured, and tripped on down to the barn.
Ralph went out on the porch and smoked.
There was nothing else that he could do.
VIII 
It was growing dusk when the elder Ellsworths returned, almost hidden by great masses of autumn boughs.

From that hour he found that instead of obtaining revenge on the Stag, he had enslaved himself to the service of man.
The Kid and the Wolf 
A KID, returning without protection from the pasture, was pursued by a Wolf.
Seeing he could not escape, he turned round, and said: “I know, friend Wolf, that I must be your prey, but before I die I would ask of you one favor you will play me a tune to which I may dance.” The Wolf complied, and while he was piping and the Kid was dancing, some hounds hearing the sound ran up and began chasing the Wolf.
Turning to the Kid, he said, “It is just what I deserve; for I, who am only a butcher, should not have turned piper to please you.”
The Prophet 
A WIZARD, sitting in the marketplace, was telling the fortunes of the passers-by when a person ran up in great haste, and announced to him that the doors of his house had been broken open and that all his goods were being stolen.
He sighed heavily and hastened away as fast as he could run.
A neighbor saw him running and said, “Oh!
you fellow there!
you say you can foretell the fortunes of others; how is it you did not foresee your own?”
The Fox and the Monkey 
A FOX and a Monkey were traveling together on the same road.
As they journeyed, they passed through a cemetery full of monuments.
“All these monuments which you see,” said the Monkey, “are erected in honor of my ancestors, who were in their day freedmen and citizens of great renown.”
 The Fox replied, “You have chosen a most appropriate subject for your falsehoods, as I am sure none of your ancestors will be able to contradict you.”
A false tale often betrays itself.
The Thief and the Housedog 
A THIEF came in the night to break into a house.
He brought with him several slices of meat in order to pacify the Housedog, so that he would not alarm his master by barking.

Meanwhile, Harry, after a few words of advice from Mr. Barlow, read aloud the story of "The Ants and the Flies," in which it is related how the flies perished for lack of laying up provisions for the winter, whereas the industrious ants, by working during the summer, provided for their maintenance when the bad weather came.
Mr. Barlow and Harry then rambled into the fields, where Mr. Barlow pointed out the several kinds of plants to be seen, and told his little companion the name and nature of each.
When they returned to dinner Tommy, who had been skulking about all day, came in, and being very hungry, was going to sit down to the table, when Mr. Barlow said, "No, sir; though you are too much of a gentleman to work, we, who are not so proud, do not choose to work for the idle!"
Upon this Tommy retired into a corner, crying as if his heart would break; when Harry, who could not bear to see his friend so unhappy, looked up, half-crying, into Mr. Barlow's face, and said, "Pray, sir, may I do as I please with my dinner?"
"Yes, to be sure, my boy," was the reply.
"Why, then," said Harry, "I will give it to poor Tommy, who wants it more than I do."
Tommy took it and thanked Harry; but without turning his eyes from the ground.
"I see," said Mr. Barlow, "that though certain gentlemen are too proud to be of any use to themselves, they are not above taking the bread that other people have been working hard for."
At this Tommy cried more bitterly than before.
The next day, when they went into the garden, Tommy begged that he might have a hoe, too, and, having been shown how to use it, soon worked with the greatest pleasure, which was much increased when he was asked to share the fruit provided after the work was done.
It seemed to him the most delicious fruit that he had ever tasted.
Harry read as before, the story this time being about the gentleman and the basket-maker.

So much the better.
I’ll eat you with greater relish.”
“Eat me?
But can’t you understand that I’m not a fish?
Can’t you hear that I speak and think as you do?”
“It’s true,” answered the Fisherman; “but since I see that you are a fish, well able to talk and think as I do, I’ll treat you with all due respect.”
“And that is ”
“That, as a sign of my particular esteem, I’ll leave to you the choice of the manner in which you are to be cooked.
Do you wish to be fried in a pan, or do you prefer to be cooked with tomato sauce?”
“To tell you the truth,” answered Pinocchio, “if I must choose, I should much rather go free so I may return home!”
“Are you fooling?
Do you think that I want to lose the opportunity to taste such a rare fish?
A Marionette fish does not come very often to these seas.
Leave it to me.
I’ll fry you in the pan with the others.
I know you’ll like it.
It’s always a comfort to find oneself in good company.”
The unlucky Marionette, hearing this, began to cry and wail and beg.
With tears streaming down his cheeks, he said:
“How much better it would have been for me to go to school!

My guide, who called me "boy," but was really about my own age, was as scornful of me as if she had been one-and-twenty, and a queen.
She led me to Miss Havisham's room, and there, in an armchair, with her elbow resting on the table, sat the strangest lady I have ever seen, or shall ever see.
She was dressed in rich materials satins and lace and silks all of white or rather, which had been white, but, like all else in the room, were now faded yellow.
Her shoes were white, and she had a long white veil dependent from her hair, and bridal flowers in her hair; but her hair was white.
I saw that the bride within the bridal dress had withered like the dress.
"Who is it?"
said the lady at the table.
"Pip, ma'am.
Mr. Pumblechook's boy."
"Come nearer; let me look at you; come close.
You are not afraid of a woman who has never seen the sun since you were born?"
"No, ma'am."

Mr. Stryver had left them in the passages, to shoulder his way back to the robing-room.
Another person, who had not joined the group, or interchanged a word with any one of them, but who had been leaning against the wall where its shadow was darkest, had silently strolled out after the rest, and had looked on until the coach drove away.
He now stepped up to where Mr. Lorry and Mr. Darnay stood upon the pavement.
“So, Mr. Lorry!
Men of business may speak to Mr. Darnay now?”
Nobody had made any acknowledgment of Mr. Carton's part in the day's proceedings; nobody had known of it.
He was unrobed, and was none the better for it in appearance.
“If you knew what a conflict goes on in the business mind, when the business mind is divided between good-natured impulse and business appearances, you would be amused, Mr. Darnay.”
Mr. Lorry reddened, and said, warmly, “You have mentioned that before, sir.
We men of business, who serve a House, are not our own masters.
We have to think of the House more than ourselves.”
“I know, I know,” rejoined Mr. Carton, carelessly.
“Don't be nettled, Mr. Lorry.
You are as good as another, I have no doubt: better, I dare say.”
“And indeed, sir,” pursued Mr. Lorry, not minding him, “I really don't know what you have to do with the matter.
If you'll excuse me, as very much your elder, for saying so, I really don't know that it is your business.”
“Business!

You have no more found the Unpardonable Sin than yonder boy Joe has.
You are but a crazy fellow, I told you so twenty years ago,-neither better nor worse than a crazy fellow, and the fit companion of old Humphrey, here!"
He pointed to an old man, shabbily dressed, with long white hair, thin visage, and unsteady eyes.
For some years past this aged person had been wandering about among the hills, inquiring of all travellers whom he met for his daughter.
The girl, it seemed, had gone off with a company of circus-performers, and occasionally tidings of her came to the village, and fine stories were told of her glittering appearance as she rode on horseback in the ring, or performed marvellous feats on the tight-rope.
The white-haired father now approached Ethan Brand, and gazed unsteadily into his face.
"They tell me you have been all over the earth," said he, wringing his hands with earnestness.
"You must have seen my daughter, for she makes a grand figure in the world, and everybody goes to see her.
Did she send any word to her old father, or say when she was coming back?"
Ethan Brand's eye quailed beneath the old man's.
That daughter, from whom he so earnestly desired a word of greeting, was the Esther of our tale, the very girl whom, with such cold and remorseless purpose, Ethan Brand had made the subject of a psychological experiment, and wasted, absorbed, and perhaps annihilated her soul, in the process.
"Yes," he murmured, turning away from the hoary wanderer, "it is no delusion.

"Yes," said Bobbie.
"Forgotten."
"How do you mean, forgotten?"
I said.
"Forgotten whether it's the twentieth or the twenty-first, or what?
How near do you get to it?"
"I know it came somewhere between the first of January and the thirty-first of December.
That's how near I get to it."
"Think."
"Think?
What's the use of saying 'Think'?
Think I haven't thought?

Were we to drown the world with them, could the world blame us?
"But to resume: Shall we, my countrymen, suffer this wicked stranger to depart unharmed, and triumph in his treacherous victory, among distant communities of the earth?
Shall we not rather compel him to leave his bones here on our soil, by the side of our slain brother's bones?
So that, while one skeleton shall remain as the everlasting monument of our sorrow, the other shall endure as long, exhibiting to the whole human race a terrible example of Pygmy vengeance!
Such is the question.
I put it to you in full confidence of a response that shall be worthy of our national character, and calculated to increase, rather than diminish, the glory which our ancestors have transmitted to us, and which we ourselves have proudly vindicated in our warfare with the cranes."
The orator was here interrupted by a burst of irrepressible enthusiasm; every individual Pygmy crying out that the national honor must be preserved at all hazards.
He bowed, and, making a gesture for silence, wound up his harangue in the following admirable manner:
"It only remains for us, then, to decide whether we shall carry on the war in our national capacity one united people against a common enemy or whether some champion, famous in former fights, shall be selected to defy the slayer of our brother Antaeus to single combat.
In the latter case, though not unconscious that there may be taller men among you, I hereby offer myself for that enviable duty.
And believe me, dear countrymen, whether I live or die, the honor of this great country, and the fame bequeathed us by our heroic progenitors, shall suffer no diminution in my hands.
Never, while I can wield this sword, of which I now fling away the scabbard never, never, never, even if the crimson hand that slew the great Antaeus shall lay me prostrate, like him, on the soil which I give my life to defend."
So saying, this valiant Pygmy drew out his weapon (which was terrible to behold, being as long as the blade of a penknife), and sent the scabbard whirling over the heads of the multitude.

And what’s more, Mole’s going to stick to me and do as I do, aren’t you, Mole?’
‘Of course I am,’ said the Mole, loyally.
‘I’ll always stick to you, Rat, and what you say is to be has got to be.
All the same, it sounds as if it might have been well, rather fun, you know!’ he added, wistfully.
Poor Mole!
The Life Adventurous was so new a thing to him, and so thrilling; and this fresh aspect of it was so tempting; and he had fallen in love at first sight with the canary-coloured cart and all its little fitments.
The Rat saw what was passing in his mind, and wavered.
He hated disappointing people, and he was fond of the Mole, and would do almost anything to oblige him.
Toad was watching both of them closely.
‘Come along in, and have some lunch,’ he said, diplomatically, ‘and we’ll talk it over.
We needn’t decide anything in a hurry.
Of course, I don’t really care.
I only want to give pleasure to you fellows.

By-and-by, one group after another came straggling back to the mouth of the cave, panting, hilarious, smeared from head to foot with tallow drippings, daubed with clay, and entirely delighted with the success of the day.
Then they were astonished to find that they had been taking no note of time and that night was about at hand.
The clanging bell had been calling for half an hour.
However, this sort of close to the day's adventures was romantic and therefore satisfactory.
When the ferryboat with her wild freight pushed into the stream, nobody cared sixpence for the wasted time but the captain of the craft.
Huck was already upon his watch when the ferryboat's lights went glinting past the wharf.
He heard no noise on board, for the young people were as subdued and still as people usually are who are nearly tired to death.
He wondered what boat it was, and why she did not stop at the wharf and then he dropped her out of his mind and put his attention upon his business.
The night was growing cloudy and dark.
Ten o'clock came, and the noise of vehicles ceased, scattered lights began to wink out, all straggling foot-passengers disappeared, the village betook itself to its slumbers and left the small watcher alone with the silence and the ghosts.
Eleven o'clock came, and the tavern lights were put out; darkness everywhere, now.
Huck waited what seemed a weary long time, but nothing happened.

I couldn't wait.
It might have been the ship's cat.
It wasn't.
It was Pilbeam."
"You kissed her?"
"I kissed her.
And just at that moment the door of the saloon opened and out came Stella."
"Great Scott!"
"Exactly what I said.
It flashed across me that to Stella, dear girl, not knowing the circumstances, the thing might seem a little odd.
It did.
She broke off the engagement, and I got out the dinghy and rowed off.

The work put into it made it dear, and so on.
It was getting late, and I was afraid if it wasn't done right away that I shouldn't have it done at all, and you know when I start to do a thing, I hate to give it up.
So I begged him to take it, and told him why I was in such a hurry.
It was silly, I dare say, but it changed his mind, for I got rather excited, and told the story in my topsy-turvy way, and his wife heard, and said so kindly, 'Take it, Thomas, and oblige the young lady.
I'd do as much for our Jimmy any day if I had a spire of hair worth selling."
"Who was Jimmy?"
asked Amy, who liked to have things explained as they went along.
"Her son, she said, who was in the army.
How friendly such things make strangers feel, don't they?
She talked away all the time the man clipped, and diverted my mind nicely."
"Didn't you feel dreadfully when the first cut came?"
asked Meg, with a shiver.

"Had it not been for the little dog's bravery, you and I, Ozma, would have undergone the unpleasant experience of becoming Mimic victims."
"You are right," agreed Ozma, turning to the dog.
"I had not forgotten your brave action, Toto.
Nothing Glinda and I can say or do will properly reward you.
Nevertheless I shall have made for you a handsome new collar studded with emeralds and bearing your name in gold letters as a slight token of our gratitude."
"Thank you, your Highness," said Toto shyly.
"It was nothing, really.
When I saw the big birds stealing the shapes of Trot and Betsy and Button Bright and all the others out in the garden, I was frightened so I ran and hid under your throne.
I could peep out and see everything that was going on, and when the Mimic King and Queen threatened you and Glinda I became so angry that I just forgot about everything else."
"Good dog!"
said the Wizard, patting Toto's head.
Dorothy beamed proudly at her little pet.

went the bridge.
"Who's that tripping over my bridge?"
roared the Troll.
"Oh!
it is only I, the tiniest billy-goat Gruff; and I'm going up to the hill-side to make myself fat," said the billy-goat, with such a small voice.
"Now, I'm coming to gobble you up," said the Troll.
"Oh, no!
pray don't take me.
I'm too little, that I am," said the billy-goat; "wait a bit till the second billy-goat Gruff comes, he's much bigger."
"Well!
be off with you," said the Troll.
A little while after came the second billy-goat Gruff to cross the bridge.

"There is little to laugh at," cried Pinocchio angrily.
"I am really sorry to make your mouths water, but if you know anything about it, you can see that here are five gold pieces."
And he pulled out the money that Fire-eater had made him a present of.
At the sympathetic ring of the money the Fox with an involuntary movement stretched out the paw that had seemed crippled, and the cat opened wide two eyes that looked like two green lanterns.
It is true that she shut them again, and so quickly that Pinocchio observed nothing.
"And now," asked the Fox, "what are you going to do with all that money?"
"First of all," answered the Puppet, "I intend to buy a new coat for my papa, made of gold and silver, and with diamond buttons, and then I will buy a spelling-book for myself."
"For yourself?"
"Yes, indeed, for I wish to go to school to study in earnest."
"Look at me!"
said the Fox.
"Through my foolish passion for study I have lost a leg."

Whoop it up.
Entertain swell guys when they come here.
Have a Court see what I mean?
same as over in England.
Go around in aeroplanes and that style of thing.
Don't worry about money.
That'll be all right.
You draw your steady hundred thousand a year and a good chunk more besides, when we begin to get a move on, so the dough proposition doesn't need to scare you any."
"Do I, by George!"
said John.
"It seems to me that I've fallen into a pretty soft thing here.
There'll be a joker in the deck somewhere, I guess.

Thus speaking, with a little sadness in his face, which was also visible in that of his companion, he made her sit down on a stone, and was about to place himself very close to her side; she, however, repelled him, though not unkindly.
"Nay, Josiah," said she, giving him a timid push with her maiden hand, "thee must sit farther off, on that other stone, with the spring between us.
What would the sisters say, if thee were to sit so close to me?"
"But we are of the world's people now, Miriam," answered Josiah.
The girl persisted in her prudery, nor did the youth, in fact, seem altogether free from a similar sort of shyness; so they sat apart from each other, gazing up the hill, where the moonlight discovered the tops of a group of buildings.
While their attention was thus occupied, a party of travellers, who had come wearily up the long ascent, made a halt to refresh themselves at the spring.
There were three men, a woman, and a little girl and boy.
Their attire was mean, covered with the dust of the summer's day, and damp with the night-dew; they all looked woebegone, as if the cares and sorrows of the world had made their steps heavier as they climbed the hill; even the two little children appeared older in evil days than the young man and maiden who had first approached the spring.
"Good evening to you, young folks," was the salutation of the travellers; and "Good evening, friends," replied the youth and damsel.
"Is that white building the Shaker meeting-house?"
asked one of the strangers.
"And are those the red roofs of the Shaker village?"

There was nothing else save the dark, rich smoothness of the wood and this one face with a garland of flowers about its brow.
The features had a kind of mischievous expression with all their loveliness and if the mouth had spoken it would probably have said, 
"Do not be afraid Pandora!
What harm can there be in opening a box.
Never mind that poor, simple Epimetheus.
You are wiser than he and have ten times as much courage.
Open the box and see if you do not find something very pretty."
And on this particular day, when Pandora was alone, her curiosity grew so great that at last she touched the box.
She was more than half determined to open it if she could.
First, however, she tried to lift it.
It was heavy, much too heavy for the slender strength of a child like Pandora.
She raised one end of the box a few inches from the floor, and then let it fall with a pretty loud thump.
A moment afterward she almost thought that she heard something stir inside the box.

I’ve nothin’ against th’ blacks.
When you read about ’em in tracts they’re always very religious.
You always read as a black’s a man an’ a brother.
I’ve never seen a black an’ I was fair pleased to think I was goin’ to see one close.
When I come in to light your fire this mornin’ I crep’ up to your bed an’
pulled th’ cover back careful to look at you.
An’ there you was,”
disappointedly, “no more black than me—for all you’re so yeller.”
Mary did not even try to control her rage and humiliation.
“You thought I was a native!
You dared!
You don’t know anything about natives!
They are not people—they’re servants who must salaam to you.
You know nothing about India.
You know nothing about anything!”
She was in such a rage and felt so helpless before the girl’s simple stare, and somehow she suddenly felt so horribly lonely and far away from everything she understood and which understood her, that she threw herself face downward on the pillows and burst into passionate sobbing.

“If the evening were but come!
If the tapers were but lighted!
And then I wonder what will happen!
Perhaps the other trees from the forest will come to look at me!
Perhaps the sparrows will beat against the windowpanes!
I wonder if I shall take root here, and winter and summer stand covered with ornaments!”
He knew very much about the matter but he was so impatient that for sheer longing he got a pain in his back, and this with trees is the same thing as a headache with us.
The candles were now lighted what brightness!
What splendor!
The Tree trembled so in every bough that one of the tapers set fire to the foliage.
It blazed up famously.
“Help!
Help!” cried the young ladies, and they quickly put out the fire.

And a murmur arose among them: "Should not the Master have welcomed us to life?
He was angry but lately, because the seed he had sown had not yet brought forth; now that it has brought forth, why is he not glad?
What more does he want?
Have we not done our best?
Are we not doing it minute by minute, hour by hour, day by day?
From the morning and evening dews, from the glow of the midday sun, from the juices of the earth, from the breezes which freshen the air, even from clouds and rain, are we not taking in food and strength, warmth and life, refreshment and joy; so that one day the valleys may laugh and sing, because the good seed hath brought forth abundantly?
Why does he not rejoice?"
As before, however, of all they said the Master of the Harvest heard nothing; and it never struck him to think of the young corn blades'
struggling life.
Nay, once, when his wife asked him if the wheat was doing well, he answered, "Very fairly," and nothing more.
But she then, because the evening was fine and the fairer weather had revived her failing powers, said she would walk out by the cornfields herself.
And so it came to pass that they went out together.
And together they looked all along the long green ridges of wheat, and watched the blades as they quivered and glistened in the breeze which sprang up with the setting sun.

Poor nurse!
how glad she must have been to go!"
That was Prince Dolor's first thought.
His second was one of indignation at her cruelty.
He decided that it would be easier to die here alone than out in the world, among the terrible doings which he had just beheld.
The deaf mute had come contrived somehow to make the nurse understand that the king was dead, and that she need have no fear in going back to the capital.
"I hope she'll enjoy it," said the Prince.
And then a kind of remorse smote him for feeling so bitterly towards her, after all the years she had taken care of him grudgingly, perhaps, still, she had taken care of him.
For the second time he tried to dress himself, and then to do everything he could for himself even to sweeping the hearth and putting on more coals.
He then thought of his godmother.
Not of calling her or asking her to help him she had evidently left him to help himself, and he was determined to try his best to do it, being a very proud and independent boy but he remembered her tenderly.
After his first despair, he was comfortable and happy in his solitude, but when it was time to go to bed, he was very lonely, even his little lark was silent and as for his traveling cloak, either he never thought about it, or else it had been spirited away for he made no use of it, nor attempted to do so.

Either he is a doctor, or else he is a man of exceptional intelligence and wonderful powers of observation.
(But that he is an ‘idiot,’ at bottom there can be no doubt whatever.)
It so happened that just before he arrived I had a delightful little dream; one of a kind that I have hundreds of just now.
I had fallen asleep about an hour before he came in, and dreamed that I was in some room, not my own.
It was a large room, well furnished, with a cupboard, chest of drawers, sofa, and my bed, a fine wide bed covered with a silken counterpane.
But I observed in the room a dreadful-looking creature, a sort of monster.
It was a little like a scorpion, but was not a scorpion, but far more horrible, and especially so, because there are no creatures anything like it in nature, and because it had appeared to me for a purpose, and bore some mysterious signification.
I looked at the beast well; it was brown in colour and had a shell; it was a crawling kind of reptile, about eight inches long, and narrowed down from the head, which was about a couple of fingers in width, to the end of the tail, which came to a fine point.
Out of its trunk, about a couple of inches below its head, came two legs at an angle of forty-five degrees, each about three inches long, so that the beast looked like a trident from above.
It had eight hard needle-like whiskers coming out from different parts of its body; it went along like a snake, bending its body about in spite of the shell it wore, and its motion was very quick and very horrible to look at.
I was dreadfully afraid it would sting me; somebody had told me, I thought, that it was venomous; but what tormented me most of all was the wondering and wondering as to who had sent it into my room, and what was the mystery which I felt it contained.
“It hid itself under the cupboard and under the chest of drawers, and crawled into the corners.

Grethel ran, and looked to see who was there, and when she saw the guest, she put her finger to her lips and said, “Hush!
hush!
get away as quickly as you can, if my master catches you it will be the worse for you; he certainly did ask you to supper, but his intention is to cut off your two ears.
Just listen how he is sharpening the knife for it!” The guest heard the sharpening, and hurried down the steps again as fast as he could.
Grethel was not idle; she ran screaming to her master, and cried, “You have invited a fine guest!” “Eh, why, Grethel?
What do you mean by that?” “Yes,” said she, “he has taken the chickens which I was just going to serve up, off the dish, and has run away with them!” “That’s a nice trick!” said her master, and lamented the fine chickens.
“If he had but left me one, so that something remained for me to eat.” He called to him to stop, but the guest pretended not to hear.
Then he ran after him with the knife still in his hand, crying, “Just one, just one,” meaning that the guest should leave him just one chicken, and not take both.
The guest, however, thought no otherwise than that he was to give up one of his ears, and ran as if fire were burning under him, in order to take them both home with him.
78 The Old Man and His Grandson 
There was once a very old man, whose eyes had become dim, his ears dull of hearing, his knees trembled, and when he sat at table he could hardly hold the spoon, and spilt the broth upon the table-cloth or let it run out of his mouth.
His son and his son’s wife were disgusted at this, so the old grandfather at last had to sit in the corner behind the stove, and they gave him his food in an earthenware bowl, and not even enough of it.
And he used to look towards the table with his eyes full of tears.

"Do you really suppose so?"
THE BIGGEST LITTLE RABBIT LEARNS TO SEE 
Seven little Rabbits lay on their nest at the bottom of the burrow, and wriggled and squirmed and pushed their soft noses against each other all day long.
Life was very easy for them, and they were contented.
The first thing that they remembered was lying on their bed of fur, hay, and dried leaves, and feeling a great, warm, soft Something close beside them.
After a while they learned that this Something was their Mamma Rabbit.
It was she who had gotten the nest ready for them and lined it with fur that she tore from her own breast.
She didn't care so much about looking beautiful as she did about making her babies comfortable.
It was their Mamma Rabbit, too, who fed them with warm milk from her own body until they should be old enough to go out of the burrow.
Then they would nibble bark and tender young shoots from the roots of the trees, and all the fresh, green, growing things that Rabbits like.
She used to tell them about this food, and they wondered and wondered how it would taste.
They began to feel very big and strong now.
The soft fur was growing on their naked little bodies and covering even the soles of their feet.

and so on.
Master Mash went further and slapped him in the face.
Harry, though Master Mash's inferior in size and strength, returned this by a punch, and a fight ensued, from which, though severely punished himself, Harry emerged the victor, to be assailed with a chorus of congratulation from those who before were loading him with taunts and outrages.
The young gentlemen persisting in their intention to see the bull-baiting, Harry followed at some distance, deciding not to quit his friend till he had once more seen him in a place of safety.
As it happened, the bull, after disposing of his early tormentors, broke loose when three fierce dogs were set upon it at once.
In the stampede little Tommy fell right in the path of the infuriated animal, and would have lost his life had not Harry, with a courage and presence of mind above his years, suddenly seized a prong which one of the fugitives had dropped, and, at the very moment when the bull was stopping to gore his defenceless friend, advanced and wounded it in the flank.
The bull turned, and with redoubled rage made at his new assailant, and it is probable that, notwithstanding his intrepidity, Harry would have paid with his own life the price of his assistance to his friend had not a poor negro, whom he had helped earlier in the day, come opportunely to his aid, and by his promptitude and address secured the animal.
The gratitude of Mr. Merton for his son's escape was unbounded, and even Mrs. Merton was ashamed of her disparaging remarks about Harry.
As for Tommy, he went to his friend's home to seek reconciliation, reflecting with shame and contempt upon the ridiculous prejudices he had once entertained.
He had now learned to consider all men as his brethren, not forgetting the poor negro; and that, as he said, it is much better to be useful than rich or fine.
DANIEL DEFOE 
Robinson Crusoe 
      Daniel Defoe, English novelist, historian and pamphleteer,      was born in 1660 or 1661, in London, the son of James Foe, a      butcher, and only assumed the name of De Foe, or Defoe, in      middle life.
He was brought up as a dissenter, and became a      dealer in hosiery in the city.

He did so, and when he was snoring at his best she put stools and cushions under the heads so that she could get away to call the hens.
The soldier then came in in his stockinged feet and struck at the troll, so that eight of the heads fell off at one blow.
But the sword was too short and did not reach far enough; the ninth head woke up and began to roar.
"Ugh!
Ugh!
I smell a Christian."
"Yes, here he is," answered the soldier, and before the troll could get up and seize hold of him the soldier struck him another blow and the last head rolled along the floor.
You can well imagine how glad the Princesses became now that they no longer had to sit and scratch the trolls' heads; they did not know how they could do enough for him who had saved them.
The youngest Princess took off her gold ring and knotted it in his hair.
They then took with them as much gold and silver as they thought they could carry and set off on their way home.
As soon as they tugged at the rope the captain and the lieutenant pulled up the Princesses, the one after the other.
But when they were safely up, the soldier thought it was foolish of him not to have gone up before the Princesses, for he had not very much belief in his comrades.

She did not use for this the usual little glass or earthen jars, but great stone ones, like those in the "Forty Thieves."
Not only did these take less time to fill, but they were safe from the children.
The scum and the scrapings were something, to be sure.
But there was little Toto, who thought this was not enough.
He would have jumped into one of the bowls if they had not held him.
Mother Mitchel, who thought of everything, had ordered two hundred great kneading troughs, wishing that all the utensils of this great work should be perfectly new.
These two hundred troughs, like her other materials, were all delivered punctually and in good order.
The pastry cooks rolled up their sleeves and began to knead the dough with cries of "Hi!
Hi!"
that could be heard for miles.
It was odd to see this army of bakers in serried ranks, all making the same gestures at once, like well-disciplined soldiers, stooping and rising together in time, so that a foreign ambassador wrote to his court that he wished his people could load and fire as well as these could knead.
Such praise a people never forgets.

“Oh,” thought Mr. Vinegar, “if I had but that cow, I should be the happiest, man alive.”
So he offers the forty guineas for the cow, and the owner said that, as he was a friend, he'd oblige him.
So the bargain was made, and he got the cow and he drove it backwards and forwards to show it.
By-and-by he saw a man playing the bagpipes Tweedle-dum tweedle-dee.
The children followed him about, and he appeared to be pocketing money on all sides.
“Well,” thought Mr. Vinegar, “if I had but that beautiful instrument I should be the happiest man alive my fortune would be made.”
So he went up to the man.
“Friend,” says he, “what a beautiful instrument that is, and what a deal of money you must make.” “Why, yes,”
 said the man, “I make a great deal of money, to be sure, and it is a wonderful instrument.” “Oh!” cried Mr. Vinegar, “how I should like to possess it!” “Well,” said the man, “as you are a friend, I don't much mind parting with it; you shall have it for that red cow.” “Done!” said the delighted Mr. Vinegar.
So the beautiful red cow was given for the bagpipes.
He walked up and down with his purchase; but it was in vain he tried to play a tune, and instead of pocketing pence, the boys followed him hooting, laughing, and pelting.
Poor Mr. Vinegar, his fingers grew very cold, and, just as he was leaving the town, he met a man with a fine thick pair of gloves.
“Oh, my fingers are so very cold,” said Mr. Vinegar to himself.
“Now if I had but those beautiful gloves I should be the happiest man alive.” He went up to the man, and said to him, “Friend, you seem to have a capital pair of gloves there.” “Yes, truly,” cried the man; “and my hands are as warm as possible this cold November day.” “Well,” said Mr. Vinegar, “I should like to have them.”.
“What will you give?” said the man; “as you are a friend, I don't much mind letting you have them for those bagpipes.”
 “Done!” cried Mr. Vinegar.

Returning suddenly to her admonitory tone, she said, dropping her voice, "If you must have a 'vent', Teddy, go and devote yourself to one of the 'pretty, modest girls' whom you do respect, and not waste your time with the silly ones."
"You really advise it?"
and Laurie looked at her with an odd mixture of anxiety and merriment in his face.
"Yes, I do, but you'd better wait till you are through college, on the whole, and be fitting yourself for the place meantime.
You're not half good enough for well, whoever the modest girl may be."
and Jo looked a little queer likewise, for a name had almost escaped her.
"That I'm not!"
acquiesced Laurie, with an expression of humility quite new to him, as he dropped his eyes and absently wound Jo's apron tassel round his finger.
"Mercy on us, this will never do," thought Jo, adding aloud, "Go and sing to me.
I'm dying for some music, and always like yours."
"I'd rather stay here, thank you."
"Well, you can't, there isn't room.

No.
2.
PUNCH.
I sketched him from the life.
No.
3.
HIS MOST GRACIOUS MAJESTY THE KING.
On a quart jug      bought in Cheapside.
No.
4.
BOGY, with bad boys in the bag on his back.
Outlined from Christian bending under his burden, in my      mother's old copy of the Pilgrim's Progress.

asked Jo, with a satisfied air as they walked away.
"Nothing could have been worse," was Amy's crushing reply.
"What possessed you to tell those stories about my saddle, and the hats and boots, and all the rest of it?"
"Why, it's funny, and amuses people.
They know we are poor, so it's no use pretending that we have grooms, buy three or four hats a season, and have things as easy and fine as they do."
"You needn't go and tell them all our little shifts, and expose our poverty in that perfectly unnecessary way.
You haven't a bit of proper pride, and never will learn when to hold your tongue and when to speak," said Amy despairingly.
Poor Jo looked abashed, and silently chafed the end of her nose with the stiff handkerchief, as if performing a penance for her misdemeanors.
"How shall I behave here?"
she asked, as they approached the third mansion.
"Just as you please.
I wash my hands of you," was Amy's short answer.

“It was a very hot day, and the road was terribly dusty, and before Hans had reached the sixth milestone he was so tired that he had to sit down and rest.
However, he went on bravely, and as last he reached the market.
After he had waited there some time, he sold the sack of flour for a very good price, and then he returned home at once, for he was afraid that if he stopped too late he might meet some robbers on the way.
“‘It has certainly been a hard day,’ said little Hans to himself as he was going to bed, ‘but I am glad I did not refuse the Miller, for he is my best friend, and, besides, he is going to give me his wheelbarrow.’
“Early the next morning the Miller came down to get the money for his sack of flour, but little Hans was so tired that he was still in bed.
“‘Upon my word,’ said the Miller, ‘you are very lazy.
Really, considering that I am going to give you my wheelbarrow, I think you might work harder.
Idleness is a great sin, and I certainly don’t like any of my friends to be idle or sluggish.
You must not mind my speaking quite plainly to you.
Of course I should not dream of doing so if I were not your friend.
But what is the good of friendship if one cannot say exactly what one means?
Anybody can say charming things and try to please and to flatter, but a true friend always says unpleasant things, and does not mind giving pain.
Indeed, if he is a really true friend he prefers it, for he knows that then he is doing good.’
“‘I am very sorry,’ said little Hans, rubbing his eyes and pulling off his night-cap, ‘but I was so tired that I thought I would lie in bed for a little time, and listen to the birds singing.

Dollie.
Try the next bowl.
Perhaps the porridge in the middle-sized bowl is not so hot.
Goldilocks.
No, indeed, it isn't; but it is too cold.
Dollie.
Aren't you hard to please?
I'm so hungry I could eat anything.
Goldilocks.
Now this in the little bowl is just right.
Sit down, Dollie, and we'll eat it all up.
Dollie.

"I cannot sell it for less," answered the swineherd.
"Well, what does he say?"
asked the princess.
"I cannot tell you, really," replied the lady.
"It is too dreadful."
"Then you may whisper it."
So the lady whispered it.
"He is an impudent fellow," said the princess, and she walked on.
But when she had gone a little way, the bells again tinkled prettily, 
          "Ah!
thou dearest Augustine,            All is gone, gone, gone."
"Stay!"
said the princess.

But owing to the flutter she was in, everything went amiss.
She upset the tray of needles, forgot the silesia was to be 'twilled' till it was cut off, gave the wrong change, and covered herself with confusion by asking for lavender ribbon at the calico counter.
Mr. Bhaer stood by, watching her blush and blunder, and as he watched, his own bewilderment seemed to subside, for he was beginning to see that on some occasions, women, like dreams, go by contraries.
When they came out, he put the parcel under his arm with a more cheerful aspect, and splashed through the puddles as if he rather enjoyed it on the whole.
"Should we no do a little what you call shopping for the babies, and haf a farewell feast tonight if I go for my last call at your so pleasant home?"
he asked, stopping before a window full of fruit and flowers.
"What will we buy?"
asked Jo, ignoring the latter part of his speech, and sniffing the mingled odors with an affectation of delight as they went in.
"May they haf oranges and figs?"
asked Mr. Bhaer, with a paternal air.
"They eat them when they can get them."
"Do you care for nuts?"

His appearance had deteriorated since John had last met him.
He had the air of one who has been caught in the machinery.
His face was even sallower than of yore, and there was no gleam in his dull green eyes.
He started at the sight of Betty, but he was evidently too absorbed in the business in hand to be surprised at seeing her.
He sank into a chair, and stared gloomily at John.
"Well?"
he said.
"Well?"
said John.
"This," observed Mr. Scobell simply, "is hell."
He drew a cigar stump mechanically from his vest pocket and lighted it.
"What are you going to do about it?"

Not long after this, through the malice of some of his friends, he fell into disgrace at Court and was dismissed.
This misfortune so preyed upon his mind that he did not long survive his dismissal he died, leaving behind him his beautiful young wife to face the world alone.
Fearing her husband's enemies, she fled to the Ashigara Mountains as soon as her husband was dead, and there in the lonely forests where no one ever came except woodcutters, a little boy was born to her.
She called him Kintaro or the Golden Boy.
Now the remarkable thing about this child was his great strength, and as he grew older he grew stronger and stronger, so that by the time he was eight years of age he was able to cut down trees as quickly as the woodcutters.
Then his mother gave him a large ax, and he used to go out in the forest and help the woodcutters, who called him "Wonder-child," and his mother the "Old Nurse of the Mountains," for they did not know her high rank.
Another favorite pastime of Kintaro's was to smash up rocks and stones.
You can imagine how strong he was!
Quite unlike other boys, Kintaro, grew up all alone in the mountain wilds, and as he had no companions he made friends with all the animals and learned to understand them and to speak their strange talk.
By degrees they all grew quite tame and looked upon Kintaro as their master, and he used them as his servants and messengers.
But his special retainers were the bear, the deer, the monkey and the hare.
The bear often brought her cubs for Kintaro to romp with, and when she came to take them home Kintaro would get on her back and have a ride to her cave.

Ahoy, there!
Tashtego, Queequeg, Daggoo!
What say ye, pagans!
Will ye give me as much blood as will cover this barb?” holding it high up.
A cluster of dark nods replied, Yes.
Three punctures were made in the heathen flesh, and the White Whale’s barbs were then tempered.
“Ego non baptizo te in nomine patris, sed in nomine diaboli!”
deliriously howled Ahab, as the malignant iron scorchingly devoured the baptismal blood.
Now, mustering the spare poles from below, and selecting one of hickory, with the bark still investing it, Ahab fitted the end to the socket of the iron.
A coil of new tow-line was then unwound, and some fathoms of it taken to the windlass, and stretched to a great tension.
Pressing his foot upon it, till the rope hummed like a harp-string, then eagerly bending over it, and seeing no strandings, Ahab exclaimed, “Good!
and now for the seizings.”
At one extremity the rope was unstranded, and the separate spread yarns were all braided and woven round the socket of the harpoon; the pole was then driven hard up into the socket; from the lower end the rope was traced half-way along the pole’s length, and firmly secured so, with intertwistings of twine.
This done, pole, iron, and rope—like the Three Fates—remained inseparable, and Ahab moodily stalked away with the weapon; the sound of his ivory leg, and the sound of the hickory pole, both hollowly ringing along every plank.

“Yes,” said Little Toomai, “he is afraid of me,” and he took long strides up to Kala Nag, called him a fat old pig, and made him lift up his feet one after the other.
“Wah!” said Little Toomai, “thou art a big elephant,” and he wagged his fluffy head, quoting his father.
“The Government may pay for elephants, but they belong to us mahouts.
When thou art old, Kala Nag, there will come some rich rajah, and he will buy thee from the Government, on account of thy size and thy manners, and then thou wilt have nothing to do but to carry gold earrings in thy ears, and a gold howdah on thy back, and a red cloth covered with gold on thy sides, and walk at the head of the processions of the King.
Then I shall sit on thy neck, O Kala Nag, with a silver ankus, and men will run before us with golden sticks, crying, `Room for the King’s elephant!’ That will be good, Kala Nag, but not so good as this hunting in the jungles.”
“Umph!” said Big Toomai.
“Thou art a boy, and as wild as a buffalo-calf.
This running up and down among the hills is not the best Government service.
I am getting old, and I do not love wild elephants.
Give me brick elephant lines, one stall to each elephant, and big stumps to tie them to safely, and flat, broad roads to exercise upon, instead of this come-and-go camping.
Aha, the Cawnpore barracks were good.
There was a bazaar close by, and only three hours’ work a day.”
Little Toomai remembered the Cawnpore elephant-lines and said nothing.
He very much preferred the camp life, and hated those broad, flat roads, with the daily grubbing for grass in the forage reserve, and the long hours when there was nothing to do except to watch Kala Nag fidgeting in his pickets.

But she wasn’t even frost bitten.
She was all right—just hungry.
Three days at the post and she was off again with Enekatcha as if nothing had happened.”

                    
I have met in the wilderness several white men whose hobby was to raise strange pets, either for their own pleasure or to add a little to what ever income they derived from the country they lived in.
But old C...
was the star of them all.
During all the years I have known him, I have never seen him once without some peculiar animal at his door step.
First it was a bear.
The brute was full grown and tied to a tree by a chain.
It allowed his master to stroke him but was dangerous to anyone else.
It had made friends with a little Indian dog and used to sleep with the pup clasped between its front paws.
After that, it was a family of skunks—a mother and five young ones.
They were as tame as cats and roamed in and out of the shack at their own free will.
It was a good thing that the neighbors were few and far between for, if the wood pussies did not pay the slightest attention to C..., on the other hand they resented bitterly the presence of any stranger on the premises.

But she seemed satisfied.
Of course all the boys went to school; and most of them got into Class III, but Slightly was put first into Class IV and then into Class V.
Class I is the top class.
Before they had attended school a week they saw what goats they had been not to remain on the island; but it was too late now, and soon they settled down to being as ordinary as you or me or Jenkins minor [the younger Jenkins].
It is sad to have to say that the power to fly gradually left them.
At first Nana tied their feet to the bed-posts so that they should not fly away in the night; and one of their diversions by day was to pretend to fall off buses [the English double-deckers]; but by and by they ceased to tug at their bonds in bed, and found that they hurt themselves when they let go of the bus.
In time they could not even fly after their hats.
Want of practice, they called it; but what it really meant was that they no longer believed.
Michael believed longer than the other boys, though they jeered at him; so he was with Wendy when Peter came for her at the end of the first year.
She flew away with Peter in the frock she had woven from leaves and berries in the Neverland, and her one fear was that he might notice how short it had become; but he never noticed, he had so much to say about himself.
She had looked forward to thrilling talks with him about old times, but new adventures had crowded the old ones from his mind.
“Who is Captain Hook?” he asked with interest when she spoke of the arch enemy.
“Don't you remember,” she asked, amazed, “how you killed him and saved all our lives?”
“I forget them after I kill them,” he replied carelessly.

It swept over him in a wave, pouring through his veins and blinding him, and he clung to the table till his knuckles whitened under the strain, for he knew that he was very near to murder.
A minute passed.
He walked to the window, and stood there, looking out.
Vaguely he heard Mr. Scobell's voice at his back, talking on, but the words had no meaning for him.
He had begun to think with a curious coolness.
His detachment surprised him.
It was one of those rare moments in a man's life when, from the outside, through a breach in that wall of excuses and self-deception which he has been at such pains to build, he looks at himself impartially.
The sight that John saw through the wall was not comforting.
It was not a heroic soul that, stripped of its defenses, shivered beneath the scrutiny.
In another mood he would have mended the breach, excusing and extenuating, but not now.
He looked at himself without pity, and saw himself weak, slothful, devoid of all that was clean and fine, and a bitter contempt filled him.
Outside the window, a blaze of color, Mervo smiled up at him, and suddenly he found himself loathing its exotic beauty.

He stood about, restless and uneasy, for a while, glancing at the door, every now and then, hoping she would repent and come to find him.
But she did not.
Then he began to feel badly and fear that he was in the wrong.
It was a hard struggle with him to make new advances, now, but he nerved himself to it and entered.
She was still standing back there in the corner, sobbing, with her face to the wall.
Tom's heart smote him.
He went to her and stood a moment, not knowing exactly how to proceed.
Then he said hesitatingly:
“Becky, I I don't care for anybody but you.”
No reply but sobs.
“Becky” pleadingly.
“Becky, won't you say something?”
More sobs.
Tom got out his chiefest jewel, a brass knob from the top of an andiron, and passed it around her so that she could see it, and said:
“Please, Becky, won't you take it?”
She struck it to the floor.
Then Tom marched out of the house and over the hills and far away, to return to school no more that day.

“He is looking up at the numbers of the houses.”
“I believe that he is coming here,” said Holmes, rubbing his hands.
“Here?”
“Yes; I rather think he is coming to consult me professionally.
I think that I recognise the symptoms.
Ha!
did I not tell you?” As he spoke, the man, puffing and blowing, rushed at our door and pulled at our bell until the whole house resounded with the clanging.
A few moments later he was in our room, still puffing, still gesticulating, but with so fixed a look of grief and despair in his eyes that our smiles were turned in an instant to horror and pity.
For a while he could not get his words out, but swayed his body and plucked at his hair like one who has been driven to the extreme limits of his reason.
Then, suddenly springing to his feet, he beat his head against the wall with such force that we both rushed upon him and tore him away to the centre of the room.
Sherlock Holmes pushed him down into the easy-chair and, sitting beside him, patted his hand and chatted with him in the easy, soothing tones which he knew so well how to employ.
“You have come to me to tell your story, have you not?” said he.
“You are fatigued with your haste.
Pray wait until you have recovered yourself, and then I shall be most happy to look into any little problem which you may submit to me.”
The man sat for a minute or more with a heaving chest, fighting against his emotion.

For a month before, they had been talking of my departure and sorrowing over it; and at the waterfall, of an evening, when we parted for the night, they would hug me so tight and kiss me so warmly, far more so than before.
And every now and then they would turn up one by one when I was alone, just to give me a kiss and a hug, to show their love for me.
The whole flock went with me to the station, which was about a mile from the village, and every now and then one of them would stop to throw his arms round me, and all the little girls had tears in their voices, though they tried hard not to cry.
As the train steamed out of the station, I saw them all standing on the platform waving to me and crying ‘Hurrah!’ till they were lost in the distance.
“I assure you, when I came in here just now and saw your kind faces (I can read faces well) my heart felt light for the first time since that moment of parting.
I think I must be one of those who are born to be in luck, for one does not often meet with people whom one feels he can love from the first sight of their faces; and yet, no sooner do I step out of the railway carriage than I happen upon you!
“I know it is more or less a shamefaced thing to speak of one’s feelings before others; and yet here am I talking like this to you, and am not a bit ashamed or shy.
I am an unsociable sort of fellow and shall very likely not come to see you again for some time; but don’t think the worse of me for that.
It is not that I do not value your society; and you must never suppose that I have taken offence at anything.
“You asked me about your faces, and what I could read in them; I will tell you with the greatest pleasure.
You, Adelaida Ivanovna, have a very happy face; it is the most sympathetic of the three.
Not to speak of your natural beauty, one can look at your face and say to one’s self, ‘She has the face of a kind sister.’ You are simple and merry, but you can see into another’s heart very quickly.

What a ripping little house this is!
Everything so handy!’
He clambered into his bunk and rolled himself well up in the blankets, and slumber gathered him forthwith, as a swathe of barley is folded into the arms of the reaping machine.
The weary Mole also was glad to turn in without delay, and soon had his head on his pillow, in great joy and contentment.
But ere he closed his eyes he let them wander round his old room, mellow in the glow of the firelight that played or rested on familiar and friendly things which had long been unconsciously a part of him, and now smilingly received him back, without rancour.
He was now in just the frame of mind that the tactful Rat had quietly worked to bring about in him.
He saw clearly how plain and simple how narrow, even it all was; but clearly, too, how much it all meant to him, and the special value of some such anchorage in one’s existence.
He did not at all want to abandon the new life and its splendid spaces, to turn his back on sun and air and all they offered him and creep home and stay there; the upper world was all too strong, it called to him still, even down there, and he knew he must return to the larger stage.
But it was good to think he had this to come back to; this place which was all his own, these things which were so glad to see him again and could always be counted upon for the same simple welcome.
VI.
MR. TOAD 
It was a bright morning in the early part of summer; the river had resumed its wonted banks and its accustomed pace, and a hot sun seemed to be pulling everything green and bushy and spiky up out of the earth towards him, as if by strings.
The Mole and the Water Rat had been up since dawn, very busy on matters connected with boats and the opening of the boating season; painting and varnishing, mending paddles, repairing cushions, hunting for missing boat-hooks, and so on; and were finishing breakfast in their little parlour and eagerly discussing their plans for the day, when a heavy knock sounded at the door.
‘Bother!’ said the Rat, all over egg.

“You look dissatisfied.”
“And I feel dissatisfied.
It is this infernal St. Simon marriage case.
I can make neither head nor tail of the business.”
“Really!
You surprise me.”
“Who ever heard of such a mixed affair?
Every clue seems to slip through my fingers.
I have been at work upon it all day.”
“And very wet it seems to have made you,” said Holmes laying his hand upon the arm of the pea-jacket.
“Yes, I have been dragging the Serpentine.”
“In Heaven’s name, what for?”
“In search of the body of Lady St. Simon.”
Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair and laughed heartily.
“Have you dragged the basin of Trafalgar Square fountain?” he asked.
“Why?
What do you mean?”
“Because you have just as good a chance of finding this lady in the one as in the other.”
Lestrade shot an angry glance at my companion.
“I suppose you know all about it,” he snarled.
“Well, I have only just heard the facts, but my mind is made up.”
“Oh, indeed!

A rig, little pig!
A pig run a rig!
Well, I never before saw a pig run a rig!
Where are you going to, you little pig?
"I'm going to the Barber's to buy me a wig!"
A wig, little pig!
A pig in a wig!
Why, whoever before saw a pig in a wig!
.
.
.
.

The contagion was spreading among the multitude, when all at once, it seized upon Robin, and he sent forth a shout of laughter that echoed through the street, every man shook his sides, every man emptied his lungs, but Robin's shout was the loudest there.
The cloud-spirits peeped from their silvery islands, as the congregated mirth went roaring up the sky!
The Man in the Moon heard the far bellow.
"Oho," quoth he, "the old earth is frolicsome to-night!"
When there was a momentary calm in that tempestuous sea of sound, the leader gave the sign, the procession resumed its march.
On they went, like fiends that throng in mockery around some dead potentate, mighty no more, but majestic still in his agony.
On they went, in counterfeited pomp, in senseless uproar, in frenzied merriment, trampling all on an old man's heart.
On swept the tumult, and left a silent street behind.
"Well, Robin, are you dreaming?"
inquired the gentleman, laying his hand on the youth's shoulder.
Robin started, and withdrew his arm from the stone post to which he had instinctively clung, as the living stream rolled by him.
His cheek was somewhat pale, and his eye not quite as lively as in the earlier part of the evening.

It was several weeks before her curiosity was satisfied, and then it was revealed that the new occupant had neither wife nor children.
He was a solitary man with no family at all, and it was evident that he was shattered in health and unhappy in mind.
A carriage drove up one day and stopped before the house.
When the footman dismounted from the box and opened the door the gentleman who was the father of the Large Family got out first.
After him there descended a nurse in uniform, then came down the steps two men-servants.
They came to assist their master, who, when he was helped out of the carriage, proved to be a man with a haggard, distressed face, and a skeleton body wrapped in furs.
He was carried up the steps, and the head of the Large Family went with him, looking very anxious.
Shortly afterward a doctor's carriage arrived, and the doctor went in plainly to take care of him.
"There is such a yellow gentleman next door, Sara," Lottie whispered at the French class afterward.
"Do you think he is a Chinee?
The geography says the Chinee men are yellow."
"No, he is not Chinese," Sara whispered back; "he is very ill.  Go on with your exercise, Lottie.

The two girls, though rather irritated at their mother’s exaggerated alarm and haste to depart from the scene, had been unwilling to worry her at first with questions.
Besides, they could not help thinking that their sister Aglaya probably knew more about the whole matter than both they and their mother put together.
Prince S. looked as black as night, and was silent and moody.
Mrs.
Epanchin did not say a word to him all the way home, and he did not seem to observe the fact.
Adelaida tried to pump him a little by asking, “who was the uncle they were talking about, and what was it that had happened in Petersburg?” But he had merely muttered something disconnected about “making inquiries,” and that “of course it was all nonsense.” “Oh, of course,” replied Adelaida, and asked no more questions.
Aglaya, too, was very quiet; and the only remark she made on the way home was that they were “walking much too fast to be pleasant.”
Once she turned and observed the prince hurrying after them.
Noticing his anxiety to catch them up, she smiled ironically, and then looked back no more.
At length, just as they neared the house, General Epanchin came out and met them; he had only just arrived from town.
His first word was to inquire after Evgenie Pavlovitch.
But Lizabetha stalked past him, and neither looked at him nor answered his question.
He immediately judged from the faces of his daughters and Prince S. that there was a thunderstorm brewing, and he himself already bore evidences of unusual perturbation of mind.
He immediately button-holed Prince S., and standing at the front door, engaged in a whispered conversation with him.

By the way, the questions were all written in the past tense.
What was the colour of Mother's eyes, and so on.
Wendy, you see, had been forgetting, too.
Adventures, of course, as we shall see, were of daily occurrence; but about this time Peter invented, with Wendy's help, a new game that fascinated him enormously, until he suddenly had no more interest in it, which, as you have been told, was what always happened with his games.
It consisted in pretending not to have adventures, in doing the sort of thing John and Michael had been doing all their lives, sitting on stools flinging balls in the air, pushing each other, going out for walks and coming back without having killed so much as a grizzly.
To see Peter doing nothing on a stool was a great sight; he could not help looking solemn at such times, to sit still seemed to him such a comic thing to do.
He boasted that he had gone walking for the good of his health.
For several suns these were the most novel of all adventures to him; and John and Michael had to pretend to be delighted also; otherwise he would have treated them severely.
He often went out alone, and when he came back you were never absolutely certain whether he had had an adventure or not.
He might have forgotten it so completely that he said nothing about it; and then when you went out you found the body; and, on the other hand, he might say a great deal about it, and yet you could not find the body.
Sometimes he came home with his head bandaged, and then Wendy cooed over him and bathed it in lukewarm water, while he told a dazzling tale.
But she was never quite sure, you know.

My interest with and as you wisely say my er knowledge of my client er Mr. Hotchkiss may affect a compromise."
"And damages," said the young girl, readdressing her parasol, as if she had never looked up.
The Colonel winced.
"And er undoubtedly compensation if you do not press a fulfilment of the promise.
Unless," he said, with an attempted return to his former easy gallantry, which, however, the recollection of her eyes made difficult, "it is a question of er the affections?"
"Which?"
said his fair client, softly.
"If you still love him?"
explained the Colonel, actually blushing.
Zaidee again looked up; again taking the Colonel's breath away with eyes that expressed not only the fullest perception of what he had said, but of what he thought and had not said, and with an added subtle suggestion of what he might have thought.
"That's tellin'," she said, dropping her long lashes again.
The Colonel laughed vacantly.

Yes, indeed, I do.
Because the lamb loves me, you know.
It followed me to school one day,      Which was against the rule;    It made the children laugh and play,      To see the lamb at school.
Mother Goose.
Here comes the Old Woman who lives in a shoe, and her two oldest boys.
Dear Mrs. Shoe-woman, I am very glad to see you!
How did you leave all of your children?
Mrs. Shoe-woman.
Oh, dear, Mother Goose!
I have so many children I don't know what to do: when they are naughty I give them some broth without any bread, and whip them all soundly and put them to bed.
Mother Goose.
Here are all the children coming to the party!

So they waited in the recesses of the cave for morning.
And when the morning came, the rams rushed out to pasture as the giant sat in the door, feeling the back of each as it went by, but never touching the man who was bound underneath each.
With them Ulysses escaped.
When they were out of reach of the giant, Ulysses loosed his hold of the rams and then unbound his comrades.
They hastened to their ship, climbed in, and smote the sea with their oars, laying to right lustily that they might the sooner escape from this accursed land.
But when they had rowed a hundred yards or so, the Cyclops heard them.
He broke off the top of a great hill, a mighty rock, and hurled it where he heard the sound of the oars.
It fell right in front of the ship's bow and washed the ship back to the shore again.
But Ulysses seized a long pole with both hands and pushed the ship from the land and bade his comrades ply their oars softly, nodding with his head, for he was too wise to speak, lest the Cyclops should know where they were.
Then they rowed with all their might and main.
They had gone twice as far as before, when Ulysses' pride became so great that he could no longer contain himself.
He stood up in the boat and called out.

"There," said the schoolmaster, as they stepped in together, "this is our shop."
It was a bare and dirty room, the windows mostly stopped up with old copybooks and paper, and Nicholas looked with dismay at the old rickety desks and forms.
But the pupils!
Pale and haggard faces, lank and bony figures, boys of stunted growth, and others whose long and meagre legs would hardly bear their stooping bodies.
Faces that told of young lives which from infancy had been one horrible endurance of cruelty and neglect.
Little faces that should have been handsome, darkened with the scowl of sullen, dogged suffering.
And yet, painful as the scene was, it had its grotesque features.
Mrs. Squeers, wearing a beaver bonnet of some antiquity on the top of a nightcap, stood at the desk, presiding over an immense basin of brimstone and treacle.
This compound she administered to each boy in succession, using an enormous wooden spoon for the purpose.
"We purify the boys' blood now and then, Nickleby," said Squeers, when the operation was over.
A meagre breakfast followed; and then Mr. Squeers made his way to his desk, and called up the first class.
"This is the first class in English spelling and philosophy, Nickleby,"
said Squeers, beckoning Nicholas to stand beside him.

I took it from his hand, but laid it on the table.
I had considered the question, and had resolved to accept nothing.
“'Pray excuse me,' said I.
'Under the circumstances, no.'
“They exchanged looks, but bent their heads to me as I bent mine to them, and we parted without another word on either side.
*****
“I am weary, weary, weary worn down by misery.
I cannot read what I have written with this gaunt hand.
“Early in the morning, the rouleau of gold was left at my door in a little box, with my name on the outside.
From the first, I had anxiously considered what I ought to do.
I decided, that day, to write privately to the Minister, stating the nature of the two cases to which I had been summoned, and the place to which I had gone: in effect, stating all the circumstances.
I knew what Court influence was, and what the immunities of the Nobles were, and I expected that the matter would never be heard of; but, I wished to relieve my own mind.
I had kept the matter a profound secret, even from my wife; and this, too, I resolved to state in my letter.

But who can my rival be, whose fatal beauty is greater than mine?”
While she was saying this, the King, who really loved her as much as ever, was feeling terribly sad at being so rapidly torn away from his beloved Princess, but he knew too well how powerful the Fairy was to have any hope of escaping from her except by great patience and cunning.
The Fairy of the Desert had also seen Bellissima, and she tried to read in the King’s eyes the effect that this unexpected sight had had upon him.
“No one can tell you what you wish to know better than I can,” said he.
“This chance meeting with an unhappy princess for whom I once had a passing fancy, before I was lucky enough to meet you, has affected me a little, I admit, but you are so much more to me than she is that I would rather die than leave you.”
“Ah, Prince,” she said, “can I believe that you really love me so much?”
“Time will show, madam,” replied the King; “but if you wish to convince me that you have some regard for me, do not, I beg of you, refuse to aid Bellissima.”
“Do you know what you are asking?” said the Fairy of the Desert, frowning, and looking at him suspiciously.
“Do you want me to employ my art against the Yellow Dwarf, who is my best friend, and take away from him a proud princess whom I can but look upon as my rival?”
The King sighed, but made no answer indeed, what was there to be said to such a clear-sighted person?
At last they reached a vast meadow, gay with all sorts of flowers; a deep river surrounded it, and many little brooks murmured softly under the shady trees, where it was always cool and fresh.
A little way off stood a splendid palace, the walls of which were of transparent emeralds.
As soon as the swans which drew the Fairy’s chariot had alighted under a porch, which was paved with diamonds and had arches of rubies, they were greeted on all sides by thousands of beautiful beings, who came to meet them joyfully, singing these words:
  “When Love within a heart would reign,        Useless to strive against him ‘tis.
The proud but feel a sharper pain,        And make a greater triumph his.”
The Fairy of the Desert was delighted to hear them sing of her triumphs; she led the King into the most splendid room that can be imagined, and left him alone for a little while, just that he might not feel that he was a prisoner; but he felt sure that she had not really gone quite away, but was watching him from some hiding-place.
So walking up to a great mirror, he said to it, “Trusty counsellor, let me see what I can do to make myself agreeable to the charming Fairy of the Desert; for I can think of nothing but how to please her.”
And he at once set to work to curl his hair, and, seeing upon a table a grander coat than his own, he put it on carefully.
The Fairy came back so delighted that she could not conceal her joy.
“I am quite aware of the trouble you have taken to please me,” said she, “and I must tell you that you have succeeded perfectly already.

But let him in, lads, and let's see what's the trouble.”
“Please don't ever tell I told you,” were Huck's first words when he got in.
“Please don't I'd be killed, sure but the widow's been good friends to me sometimes, and I want to tell I will tell if you'll promise you won't ever say it was me.”
“By George, he has got something to tell, or he wouldn't act so!”
 exclaimed the old man; “out with it and nobody here'll ever tell, lad.”
Three minutes later the old man and his sons, well armed, were up the hill, and just entering the sumach path on tiptoe, their weapons in their hands.
Huck accompanied them no further.
He hid behind a great bowlder and fell to listening.
There was a lagging, anxious silence, and then all of a sudden there was an explosion of firearms and a cry.
Huck waited for no particulars.
He sprang away and sped down the hill as fast as his legs could carry him.
CHAPTER XXX 
AS the earliest suspicion of dawn appeared on Sunday morning, Huck came groping up the hill and rapped gently at the old Welshman's door.
The inmates were asleep, but it was a sleep that was set on a hair-trigger, on account of the exciting episode of the night.
A call came from a window:
“Who's there!”
Huck's scared voice answered in a low tone:
“Please let me in!
It's only Huck Finn!”
“It's a name that can open this door night or day, lad!
and welcome!”
These were strange words to the vagabond boy's ears, and the pleasantest he had ever heard.

Long and merrily they feasted, and when at length the guests rose to depart, the King embraced the Marquis, and called him his dear son; and the Princess blushed so charmingly and looked so shy and sweet, that Jack ventured to lay his heart and fortune at her feet.
And so the miller's son married the King's daughter, and there were great rejoicings throughout the land.
On the evening of the wedding-day a great ball was given, to which princes and noblemen from far and near were invited.
Puss opened the ball, wearing for the occasion a pair of boots made of the finest leather, with gold tassels and scarlet heels.
I only wish you could have seen him.
When the old King died, the Princess and her husband reigned in his stead, and their most honored and faithful friend at Court was Puss himself, for his master never forgot to whom he owed all his good fortune.
He lived upon the daintiest meat and most delicious cream, and was petted and made much of all the days of his life, and never again ran after mice and rats, except for exercise and amusement.
THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER 
There was once a shoemaker who, through no fault of his own, had become so poor that at last he had only leather enough left for one pair of shoes.
At evening he cut out the shoes which he intended to begin upon the next morning, and since he had a good conscience, he lay down quietly, said his prayers, and fell asleep.
In the morning when he had prayed, as usual, and was preparing to sit down to work, he found the pair of shoes standing finished on his table.
He was amazed, and could not understand it in the least.
He took the shoes in his hand to examine them more closely.

The ancients asked that same question, and Hercules answered it just before Jupiter called him away from Greece.
One of these goddesses was named Virtue, and the other Pleasure, but it was the first whom Hercules followed all his life.
[2]THE PYGMIES.
A great while ago, in the days of the myths, there lived an earth-born Giant named Antaeus, and a race of little earth-born people who were called Pygmies.
This Giant and these Pygmies, being children of the same Mother Earth, lived together in a very friendly way far off in the middle of hot Africa.
It must have been very curious to behold the Pygmies' little cities with streets two or three feet wide paved with the smallest pebbles and bordered by habitations about as big as a squirrel's cage.
If one of the Pygmies grew to the height of six or eight inches he was reckoned a prodigiously tall man and there were so many sandy deserts and high mountains between them and the rest of mankind that nobody could get a peep at them oftener than once in a hundred years.
The king's palace was about as tall as a dolls' house and this and the rest of their houses were built neither of stone or wood.
They were neatly plastered together by the Pygmy workmen, pretty much like birds'
nests, out of straw, feathers, egg shells, and other bits of small stuff with stiff clay instead of mortar.
And when the sun had dried them they were just as snug and comfortable as a Pygmy could desire.
Their giant friend, Antaeus, was so very tall that he carried a pine tree for a walking stick.
It took a far-sighted Pygmy to see the top of his head on a cloudy day.

She had wandered about long enough to feel too tired to wander any farther, and she turned back.
Two or three times she lost her way by turning down the wrong corridor and was obliged to ramble up and down until she found the right one; but at last she reached her own floor again, though she was some distance from her own room and did not know exactly where she was.
“I believe I have taken a wrong turning again,” she said, standing still at what seemed the end of a short passage with tapestry on the wall.
“I don’t know which way to go.
How still everything is!”
It was while she was standing here and just after she had said this that the stillness was broken by a sound.
It was another cry, but not quite like the one she had heard last night; it was only a short one, a fretful childish whine muffled by passing through walls.
“It’s nearer than it was,” said Mary, her heart beating rather faster.
“And it is crying.”
She put her hand accidentally upon the tapestry near her, and then sprang back, feeling quite startled.
The tapestry was the covering of a door which fell open and showed her that there was another part of the corridor behind it, and Mrs. Medlock was coming up it with her bunch of keys in her hand and a very cross look on her face.
“What are you doing here?” she said, and she took Mary by the arm and pulled her away.
“What did I tell you?”
“I turned round the wrong corner,” explained Mary.
“I didn’t know which way to go and I heard someone crying.” She quite hated Mrs. Medlock at the moment, but she hated her more the next.

The cat lived in a big hole in the trunk some little distance from the ground, where she could sleep very cosily, curled up out of sight with her head resting on her forepaws, feeling perfectly safe from harm; for no other creature, she thought, could possibly discover her hiding-place.
The owl roosted in a mass of foliage at the top of the tree, near the nest in which his wife had brought up their children, before those children flew away to seek mates for themselves.
He too felt pretty secure as long as he remained up there; but he had seen the cat prowling about below him more than once, and was very sure that, if she should happen to catch sight of him when he was off his guard seeking his prey and obliged to give all his attention to what he was doing, she might spring out upon him and kill him.
Cats do not generally attack such big birds as owls, but they will sometimes kill a mother sitting in her nest, as well as the little ones, if the father is too far off to protect them.
The lizard loved to lie and bask in the sunshine, catching the flies on which he lived, lying so still that they did not notice him, and darting out his long tongue suddenly to suck them into his mouth.
Yet he hid from the owl and the cat, because he knew full well that, tough though he was, they would gobble him up if they happened to be hungry.
He made his home amongst the roots on the south side of the tree where it was hottest, but the mouse had his hole on the other side amongst damp moss and dead leaves.
The mouse was in constant fear of the cat and the owl.
He knew that both of them could see in the dark, and he would have no chance of escape if they once caught sight of him.
1.
Which of these four creatures do you think was most to be pitied?
2.

None of the six Princes would give up his wife.
At last they decided to leave the seventh Princess to the tigers.
When the procession arrived at the Rajah's Palace, the youngest Prince wondered why only six doolies had come, and asked what had become of his bride; but nobody would give him an answer.
At last an old man told him what had happened, and the young Prince, who was very angry and disappointed with his brothers, at once set out to seek his bride.
On the way he met a rat and a jackal, and they said: "May we go with you?"
The Prince consented, and the three set out together, and walked or rode till evening, when they were overcome with fatigue and sat down to rest.
The Prince fell asleep, but the jackal said to the rat: "I am very hungry, what shall we do for food?
Do you eat the Prince's clothes, and I will eat his horse."
No sooner did they agree than they carried out their plan.
The rat ate all the clothes worn by the Prince, and the jackal ate his horse, so that when he awoke it was to find himself alone in the forest, without either horse or clothes.
Just then a monkey came down from the tree, and asked him what was the matter.
"I have told my troubles to two animals before, and do not wish to be betrayed by a third," said the Prince; to which the monkey replied:
"A rat is a rat, and a jackal is a jackal, but I am a monkey; come with me and I will help you out of your troubles."

But the ducks went about with redder eyes afterwards.
"We have hearts of our own," they said; "nobody can deny that."
"Hearts!"
repeated the Portuguese.
"Indeed you have almost as tender as the ducks in Portugal."
"Let us think of getting something to satisfy our hunger," said the drake; "that's the most important business.
If one of our toys is broken, why, we have plenty more."
THE SNOW MAN 
"IT IS so delightfully cold that it makes my whole body crackle," said the Snow Man.
"This is just the kind of wind to blow life into one.
How that great red thing up there is staring at me!"
He meant the sun, which was just setting.
"It shall not make me wink.

We try to choke it back but it will burst out and that sounds worse than ever.”
“There’s one thing that comes into my mind so often,” said Mary, “and I can scarcely ever hold in when I think of it suddenly.
I keep thinking suppose Colin’s face should get to look like a full moon.
It isn’t like one yet but he gets a tiny bit fatter every day—and suppose some morning it should look like one—what should we do!”
“Bless us all, I can see tha’ has a good bit o’ play actin’ to do,”
said Susan Sowerby.
“But tha’ won’t have to keep it up much longer.
Mester Craven’ll come home.”
“Do you think he will?” asked Colin.
“Why?”
Susan Sowerby chuckled softly.
“I suppose it ’ud nigh break thy heart if he found out before tha’ told him in tha’ own way,” she said.
“Tha’s laid awake nights plannin’ it.”
“I couldn’t bear anyone else to tell him,” said Colin.
“I think about different ways every day, I think now I just want to run into his room.”
“That’d be a fine start for him,” said Susan Sowerby.
“I’d like to see his face, lad.
I would that!
He mun come back—that he mun.”
One of the things they talked of was the visit they were to make to her cottage.

The children had not been missed.
The clock had only just struck nine when there came a knock on the door of the dining-room, where the Captain and his wife still sat by the Yule log.
She said "Come in,"
wearily, thinking it was the frumenty and the Christmas cakes.
But it was her father, with her child in his arms!
PEACE AND GOODWILL.
Lucy Jane Bull and her sisters were quite old enough to understand a good deal of grown-up conversation when they overheard it.
Thus, when a friend of Mrs. Bull's observed during an afternoon call that she believed that "officers' wives were very dressy," the young ladies were at once resolved to keep a sharp look-out for the Captain's wife's bonnet in church on Christmas Day.
The Bulls had just taken their seats when the Captain's wife came in.
They really would have hid their faces, and looked at the bonnet afterwards, but for the startling sight that met the gaze of the congregation.
The old grandfather walked into church abreast of the Captain.
"They've met in the porch," whispered Mr. Bull, under the shelter of his hat.
"They can't quarrel publicly in a place of worship," said Mrs. Bull, turning pale.

He dropped the crown at his life-giver's feet, and, putting aside all his pride, humbled himself like a pet cat to the strokes of his protector, and began in the following words: "My life-giver!
How is it that you have forgotten me, your poor servant, for such a long time?
I am glad to find that I still occupy a corner in your mind.
I can never forget the day when I owed my life to your lotus hands.
I have several jewels with me of little value.
This crown, being the best of all, I have brought here as a single ornament of great value, which you can carry with you and dispose of in your own country."
Gangazara looked at the crown, examined it over and over, counted and recounted the gems, and thought within himself that he would become the richest of men by separating the diamonds and gold, and selling them in his own country.
He took leave of the tiger-king, and after his disappearance thought of the kings of serpents and rats, who came in their turn with their presents, and after the usual greetings and exchange of words took their leave.
Gangazara was extremely delighted at the faithfulness with which the brute beasts behaved, and went on his way to the south.
While going along he spoke to himself thus: "These beasts have been very faithful in their assistance.
Much more, therefore, must Manikkasari be faithful.
I do not want anything from him now.

Animals arrived, liked the look of the place, took up their quarters, settled down, spread, and flourished.
They didn’t bother themselves about the past they never do; they’re too busy.
The place was a bit humpy and hillocky, naturally, and full of holes; but that was rather an advantage.
And they don’t bother about the future, either the future when perhaps the people will move in again for a time as may very well be.
The Wild Wood is pretty well populated by now; with all the usual lot, good, bad, and indifferent I name no names.
It takes all sorts to make a world.
But I fancy you know something about them yourself by this time.’
‘I do indeed,’ said the Mole, with a slight shiver.
‘Well, well,’ said the Badger, patting him on the shoulder, ‘it was your first experience of them, you see.
They’re not so bad really; and we must all live and let live.
But I’ll pass the word around to-morrow, and I think you’ll have no further trouble.
Any friend of MINE walks where he likes in this country, or I’ll know the reason why!’
When they got back to the kitchen again, they found the Rat walking up and down, very restless.
The underground atmosphere was oppressing him and getting on his nerves, and he seemed really to be afraid that the river would run away if he wasn’t there to look after it.

7 
The Diamond Mines Again 
When Sara entered the holly-hung schoolroom in the afternoon, she did so as the head of a sort of procession.
Miss Minchin, in her grandest silk dress, led her by the hand.
A manservant followed, carrying the box containing the Last Doll, a housemaid carried a second box, and Becky brought up the rear, carrying a third and wearing a clean apron and a new cap.
Sara would have much preferred to enter in the usual way, but Miss Minchin had sent for her, and, after an interview in her private sitting room, had expressed her wishes.
"This is not an ordinary occasion," she said.
"I do not desire that it should be treated as one."
So Sara was led grandly in and felt shy when, on her entry, the big girls stared at her and touched each other's elbows, and the little ones began to squirm joyously in their seats.
"Silence, young ladies!"
said Miss Minchin, at the murmur which arose.
"James, place the box on the table and remove the lid.
Emma, put yours upon a chair.
Becky!"

cried all the courtiers in turn.
"That is a splendid costume!"
"The canopy that is to be carried over your Majesty in the procession is waiting outside," said the master of ceremonies.
"Well, I am ready," replied the emperor.
"Don't the clothes look well?"
and he turned round and round again before the mirror, to appear as if he were admiring his new costume.
The chamberlains, who were to carry the train, stooped and put their hands near the floor as if they were lifting it; then they pretended to be holding something in the air.
They would not let it be noticed that they could see and feel nothing.
So the emperor went along in the procession, under the splendid canopy, and every one in the streets said: "How beautiful the emperor's new clothes are!
What a splendid train!
And how well they fit!"
No one wanted to let it appear that he could see nothing, for that would prove him not fit for his post.

By the immortal beefsteaks!
not one of you shall have a slice of bread, and not a loaf shall be baked in the kingdom while there remains a crumb of that excellent tart!"
"What misery!"
thought these poor people.
"That tart forever!"
The sufferers were in despair.
There was only one cry through all the town: "Ow!
ow!
ow!"
For even the strongest and most courageous were in horrible agonies.
They twisted, they writhed, they lay down, they got up.
Always the inexorable colic.

He bent forward.
"See here," he said, "I'm going to talk straight, if you'll let me."
"Assuredly, Comrade Parker.
There must be no secrets, no restraint between us.
I would not have you go away and say to yourself, 'Did I make my meaning clear?
Was I too elusive?'"
Mr. Parker scratched the floor with the point of a gleaming shoe.
He seemed to be searching for words.
"Say on," urged Smith.
"Have you come to point out some flaw in that article?
Does it fall short in any way of your standard for such work?"
Mr. Parker came to the point.

Oh!
cruel Ragotte; my punishment is complete.”
For a long time he bewailed his sad fate like this, and then, seeing that it was growing dark, and that still there was no sign of the Princess, he set out as fast as he could in the direction of the town.
When he reached the palace he asked for Miranda, but by this time everyone had heard the story of her adventures, and did not want her to go back again to the King of the Sheep, so they refused sternly to let him see her.
In vain he begged and prayed them to let him in; though his entreaties might have melted hearts of stone they did not move the guards of the palace, and at last, quite broken-hearted, he fell dead at their feet.
In the meantime the King, who had not the least idea of the sad thing that was happening outside the gate of his palace, proposed to Miranda that she should be driven in her chariot all round the town, which was to be illuminated with thousands and thousands of torches, placed in windows and balconies, and in all the grand squares.
But what a sight met her eyes at the very entrance of the palace!
There lay her dear, kind sheep, silent and motionless, upon the pavement!
She threw herself out of the chariot and ran to him, crying bitterly, for she realized that her broken promise had cost him his life, and for a long, long time she was so unhappy that they thought she would have died too.
So you see that even a princess is not always happy especially if she forgets to keep her word; and the greatest misfortunes often happen to people just as they think they have obtained their heart’s desires!
(1)
(1) Madame d’Aulnoy.
LITTLE THUMB 
There was, once upon a time, a man and his wife fagot-makers by trade, who had several children, all boys.
The eldest was but ten years old, and the youngest only seven.

was more suggestive of pins being run into her than of fear and anguish.
Jo gave a despairing groan, and Meg laughed outright, while Beth let her bread burn as she watched the fun with interest.
"It's no use!
Do the best you can when the time comes, and if the audience laughs, don't blame me.
Come on, Meg."
Then things went smoothly, for Don Pedro defied the world in a speech of two pages without a single break.
Hagar, the witch, chanted an awful incantation over her kettleful of simmering toads, with weird effect.
Roderigo rent his chains asunder manfully, and Hugo died in agonies of remorse and arsenic, with a wild, "Ha!
Ha!"
"It's the best we've had yet," said Meg, as the dead villain sat up and rubbed his elbows.
"I don't see how you can write and act such splendid things, Jo.
You're a regular Shakespeare!"

This time the dwarfs cannot wake you up again."
And when she asked of the Looking-glass at home:
  "Looking-glass, Looking-glass, on the wall,   Who in this land is fairest of all?"
it answered at last:
  "O Queen, in this land thou art fairest of all."
Then her envious heart had rest, so far as an envious heart can have rest.
When the dwarfs came home in the evening, they found Snow-white lying upon the ground; she breathed no longer, and was dead.
They lifted her up, unlaced her, combed her hair, washed her with water and wine, but it was all of no use; the poor child was dead, and stayed dead.
They laid her upon a bier, and all seven of them sat round it and wept for her, and wept three whole days.
Then they were going to bury her, but she still looked as if she were living, and still had her pretty red cheeks.
They said:
"We could not bury her in the dark ground," and they had a coffin of glass made, so that she could be seen from all sides, and they laid her in it, and wrote her name upon it in golden letters, and that she was a King's daughter.
Then they put the coffin out upon the hill, and one of them always stayed by it and watched it.
And birds came too, and wept for Snow-white; first an owl, then a raven, and last a dove.
And now Snow-white lay a long, long time in the coffin, and she did not change, but looked as if she were asleep; for she was as white as snow, as red as blood, and her hair was as black as ebony.

When he had aimed at it, the fish cried, “Don’t shoot, and I will make it worth thy while.” He allowed it to dive down again, went onwards, and met a fox which was lame.
He fired and missed it, and the fox cried, “You had much better come here and draw the thorn out of my foot for me.” He did this; but then he wanted to kill the fox and skin it, the fox said, “Stop, and I will make it worth thy while.” The youth let him go, and then as it was evening, returned home.
Next day he was to hide himself; but howsoever much he puzzled his brains over it, he did not know where.
He went into the forest to the raven and said, “I let thee live on, so now tell me where I am to hide myself, so that the King’s daughter shall not see me.” The raven hung his head and thought it over for a longtime.
At length he croaked, “I have it.” He fetched an egg out of his nest, cut it into two parts, and shut the youth inside it; then made it whole again, and seated himself on it.
When the King’s daughter went to the first window she could not discover him, nor could she from the others, and she began to be uneasy, but from the eleventh she saw him.
She ordered the raven to be shot, and the egg to be brought and broken, and the youth was forced to come out.
She said, “For once thou art excused, but if thou dost not do better than this, thou art lost!”
Next day he went to the lake, called the fish to him and said, “I suffered thee to live, now tell me where to hide myself so that the King’s daughter may not see me.” The fish thought for a while, and at last cried, “I have it!
I will shut thee up in my stomach.” He swallowed him, and went down to the bottom of the lake.
The King’s daughter looked through her windows, and even from the eleventh did not see him, and was alarmed; but at length from the twelfth she saw him.
She ordered the fish to be caught and killed, and then the youth appeared.
Every one can imagine what a state of mind he was in.

A moment later a little wooden maid in a blue dress and spotless white pinafore, followed closely by a small wooden boy in a page's livery, appeared smiling in the doorway.
The maid curtsied gracefully and the boy bobbed his head as Ozana said, "This is Dolly and Poppet, my maid and page.
Dolly, will you and Poppet please prepare sandwiches and refreshments for us my guests have traveled far and must be quite hungry."
"We are happy to serve your Highness," answered the wooden girl and boy in unison.
With another curtsy and bow the maid and page disappeared from the room.
Ozana seated herself beside Dorothy and taking the little girl's hand in her own, while she smiled warmly at the Wizard, the Fairy Princess said, "Now, let us become acquainted."
"Well," began Dorothy, "this is the famous Wizard of Oz, and I am "
"Princess Dorothy of Oz," Ozana finished for her.
"You know us?"
asked Dorothy eagerly.
"To be sure, I know you," replied Ozana.
"By my fairy arts I keep myself informed of all that goes on in the Emerald City.
I recall when our Wizard first visited the Land of Oz in his balloon, and when the cyclone lifted your house into the air and carried you, Dorothy, all the way from Kansas to Oz."

On these magic shores children at play are for ever beaching their coracles [simple boat].
We too have been there; we can still hear the sound of the surf, though we shall land no more.
Of all delectable islands the Neverland is the snuggest and most compact, not large and sprawly, you know, with tedious distances between one adventure and another, but nicely crammed.
When you play at it by day with the chairs and table-cloth, it is not in the least alarming, but in the two minutes before you go to sleep it becomes very real.
That is why there are night-lights.
Occasionally in her travels through her children's minds Mrs.
Darling found things she could not understand, and of these quite the most perplexing was the word Peter.
She knew of no Peter, and yet he was here and there in John and Michael's minds, while Wendy's began to be scrawled all over with him.
The name stood out in bolder letters than any of the other words, and as Mrs.
Darling gazed she felt that it had an oddly cocky appearance.
“Yes, he is rather cocky,” Wendy admitted with regret.
Her mother had been questioning her.

All the little girls rose in their places, and Sara rose also.
"I shall expect you all to be very agreeable to Miss Crewe; she has just come to us from a great distance in fact, from India.
As soon as lessons are over you must make each other's acquaintance."
The pupils bowed ceremoniously, and Sara made a little curtsy, and then they sat down and looked at each other again.
"Sara," said Miss Minchin in her schoolroom manner, "come here to me."
She had taken a book from the desk and was turning over its leaves.
Sara went to her politely.
"As your papa has engaged a French maid for you," she began, "I conclude that he wishes you to make a special study of the French language."
Sara felt a little awkward.
"I think he engaged her," she said, "because he he thought I would like her, Miss Minchin."
"I am afraid," said Miss Minchin, with a slightly sour smile, "that you have been a very spoiled little girl and always imagine that things are done because you like them.
My impression is that your papa wished you to learn French."

“Gabelle.”
“Gabelle.
And what is the message to the unfortunate Gabelle in prison?”
“Simply, 'that he has received the letter, and will come.
'”
“Any time mentioned?”
“He will start upon his journey to-morrow night.”
“Any person mentioned?”
“No.”
He helped Mr. Lorry to wrap himself in a number of coats and cloaks, and went out with him from the warm atmosphere of the old Bank, into the misty air of Fleet-street.
“My love to Lucie, and to little Lucie,” said Mr. Lorry at parting, “and take precious care of them till I come back.”
 Charles Darnay shook his head and doubtfully smiled, as the carriage rolled away.
That night it was the fourteenth of August he sat up late, and wrote two fervent letters; one was to Lucie, explaining the strong obligation he was under to go to Paris, and showing her, at length, the reasons that he had, for feeling confident that he could become involved in no personal danger there; the other was to the Doctor, confiding Lucie and their dear child to his care, and dwelling on the same topics with the strongest assurances.
To both, he wrote that he would despatch letters in proof of his safety, immediately after his arrival.
It was a hard day, that day of being among them, with the first reservation of their joint lives on his mind.
It was a hard matter to preserve the innocent deceit of which they were profoundly unsuspicious.
But, an affectionate glance at his wife, so happy and busy, made him resolute not to tell her what impended (he had been half moved to do it, so strange it was to him to act in anything without her quiet aid), and the day passed quickly.
Early in the evening he embraced her, and her scarcely less dear namesake, pretending that he would return by-and-bye (an imaginary engagement took him out, and he had secreted a valise of clothes ready), and so he emerged into the heavy mist of the heavy streets, with a heavier heart.
The unseen force was drawing him fast to itself, now, and all the tides and winds were setting straight and strong towards it.
He left his two letters with a trusty porter, to be delivered half an hour before midnight, and no sooner; took horse for Dover; and began his journey.

Come into the dark room here, and let us have one final word alone.”
IX.
The Game Made 
While Sydney Carton and the Sheep of the prisons were in the adjoining dark room, speaking so low that not a sound was heard, Mr. Lorry looked at Jerry in considerable doubt and mistrust.
That honest tradesman's manner of receiving the look, did not inspire confidence; he changed the leg on which he rested, as often as if he had fifty of those limbs, and were trying them all; he examined his finger-nails with a very questionable closeness of attention; and whenever Mr. Lorry's eye caught his, he was taken with that peculiar kind of short cough requiring the hollow of a hand before it, which is seldom, if ever, known to be an infirmity attendant on perfect openness of character.
“Jerry,” said Mr. Lorry.
“Come here.”
Mr. Cruncher came forward sideways, with one of his shoulders in advance of him.
“What have you been, besides a messenger?”
After some cogitation, accompanied with an intent look at his patron, Mr. Cruncher conceived the luminous idea of replying, “Agicultooral character.”
“My mind misgives me much,” said Mr. Lorry, angrily shaking a forefinger at him, “that you have used the respectable and great house of Tellson's as a blind, and that you have had an unlawful occupation of an infamous description.
If you have, don't expect me to befriend you when you get back to England.
If you have, don't expect me to keep your secret.
Tellson's shall not be imposed upon.”
“I hope, sir,” pleaded the abashed Mr. Cruncher, “that a gentleman like yourself wot I've had the honour of odd jobbing till I'm grey at it, would think twice about harming of me, even if it wos so I don't say it is, but even if it wos.
And which it is to be took into account that if it wos, it wouldn't, even then, be all o' one side.
There'd be two sides to it.
There might be medical doctors at the present hour, a picking up their guineas where a honest tradesman don't pick up his fardens fardens!

"I could make more diamonds in a day than I should wear in a year."
"Well, but do let me do some little thing for you," the Queen went on.
"Aren't you tired of being a witch?
Wouldn't you like to be a Duchess or a Princess, or something like that?"
"There is one thing I should rather like," said the witch, "but it's hard to get in my trade."
"Oh, tell me what," said the Queen.
"I should like some one to love me," said the witch.
Then the Queen threw her arms around the witch's neck and kissed her half a hundred times.
"Why," she said, "I love you better than my life!
You've given me the baby and the baby shall love you too."
"Perhaps it will," said the witch, "and when the sorrow comes, send for me.
Each of your fifty kisses will be a spell to bring me to you.

Indeed, in some sort, they were not grieved at this event, at least as a portent; for they regarded it, not as a foreshadowing of evil in the future, but as the fulfilment of an evil already presaged.
They declared that now they knew the reason of those wild shrieks they had heard the night before.
But again the old Manxman said nay.
The lost life-buoy was now to be replaced; Starbuck was directed to see to it; but as no cask of sufficient lightness could be found, and as in the feverish eagerness of what seemed the approaching crisis of the voyage, all hands were impatient of any toil but what was directly connected with its final end, whatever that might prove to be; therefore, they were going to leave the ship’s stern unprovided with a buoy, when by certain strange signs and inuendoes Queequeg hinted a hint concerning his coffin.
“A life-buoy of a coffin!” cried Starbuck, starting.
“Rather queer, that, I should say,” said Stubb.
“It will make a good enough one,” said Flask, “the carpenter here can arrange it easily.”
“Bring it up; there’s nothing else for it,” said Starbuck, after a melancholy pause.
“Rig it, carpenter; do not look at me so—the coffin, I mean.
Dost thou hear me?
Rig it.”
“And shall I nail down the lid, sir?” moving his hand as with a hammer.
“Aye.”
“And shall I caulk the seams, sir?” moving his hand as with a caulking-iron.
“Aye.”
“And shall I then pay over the same with pitch, sir?” moving his hand as with a pitch-pot.

cried he, and watched it shimmering and dancing, whirling and leaping.
All this the boy saw, either with his own naked eye, or through his gold spectacles.
He saw also as in a picture, beautiful but silent, many other things which struck him with wonder, especially a grove of trees.
Only think, to have lived to his age and never have seen trees!
As he floated over these oaks, they seemed to him the most curious sight imaginable.
"If I could only get nearer, so as to touch them," said he, and immediately the obedient cloak ducked down; Prince Dolor made a snatch at the topmost twig of the tallest tree, and caught a bunch of leaves in his hand.
Just a bunch of green leaves such as we have seen many times, yet how wonderful they were to him, and he examined the leaves with the greatest curiosity, and also a little caterpillar that he found walking over one of them.
He coaxed it to take a walk over his finger.
It amused him for a long time; and when a sudden gust of wind blew it overboard, leaves and all, he felt quite disconsolate.
"Still there must be many live creatures in the world besides caterpillars.
I should like to see a few of them."
The cloak gave a little slip down, as if to say, "All right, My Prince,"
and bore him across the oak forest to a long fertile valley.

Washington, however, though only an aidy kong of General Forbes, decided to take command.
His mother had said to him over and over, "George, in an emergency always take command."
He done so, as General Rusk would say.
As he approached, the French set fire to the fort, and retreated, together with the Indians and Molly Maguires.
Pittsburg now stands on this historic ground, and is one of the most delightful cities of America.
Many other changes were going on at this time.
The English got possession of Acadia and the French forts at the head of the Bay of Fundy.
In 1757 General Loudon collected an army for an attack on Louisburg.
He drilled his troops all summer, and then gave up the attack because he learned that the French had one more skiff than he had.
The Loudons of America at the time of this writing are more quiet and sensible regarding their ancestry than any of the doodle-bug aristocracy of our promoted peasantry and the crested Yahoos of our cowboy republic.
The Loudons or Lowdowns of America had a very large family.
Some of them changed their names and moved.

He shall have the new one to bury, and I'll keep my poor, dear, darling Betsy."
And she clasped Betsy tighter than before.
"That's the meanest thing you've said yet," retorted Robin; "for you know Mamma wouldn't let me bury the new one."
And, with an air of great disgust, he quitted the nursery.
"A MUMMING WE WILL GO."
Nicholas had sore work to console his little sister, and Betsy's prospects were in a very unfavourable state, when a diversion was caused in her favour by a new whim which put the military funeral out of Robin's head.
After he left the nursery he strolled out of doors, and, peeping through the gate at the end of the drive, he saw a party of boys going through what looked like a military exercise with sticks and a good deal of stamping; but, instead of mere words of command, they all spoke by turns, as in a play.
In spite of their strong Yorkshire accent, Robin overheard a good deal, and it sounded very fine.
Not being at all shy, he joined them, and asked so many questions that he soon got to know all about it.
They were practising a Christmas mumming-play, called "The Peace Egg."
Why it was called thus they could not tell, as there was nothing whatever about eggs in it, and so far from being a play of peace, it was made up of a series of battles between certain valiant knights and princes, of whom St. George of England was the chief and conqueror.
The rehearsal being over, Robin went with the boys to the sexton's house (he was father to the "King of Egypt"), where they showed him the dresses they were to wear.

One day a guana, or iguana, a very large lizard, called by the natives "Go," came to the river, but when the jackal asked it to repeat the words, it said: "Let me drink first, for I am dying of thirst;"
so he let it drink, and when it had finished, it said:
   "Bones are your throne,     With cow dung are they plastered,     In your ears are shoes,     And you sit like a jackal."
This made the jackal wild with anger, so he ran after the Go to kill it, and caught its tail in his teeth, just as the Go was getting into a hole.
"Hoo hoo," said the jackal.
"Don't say Hoo, say Ha," called the Go; so the jackal said "Ha!"
and in order to say it, had to open his mouth, so the Go escaped!
THE STORY OF THE BLACK COW 
There was a certain Brahmin whose wife died leaving him one little son.
For some time the two lived happily together, but at last the Brahmin married for a second time, and the woman, who had a daughter of her own, was very unkind to her little stepson.
Each day the two children went out together to attend to the cattle, and at night they returned home to eat their food.
But the cakes made by the Brahmin's wife for her stepson were of ashes, with just a little flour mixed in to give them the appearance of food, that the Brahmin might not notice; and the child ate in silence, for he was afraid to complain, yet, when he was alone in the forest he wept from hunger, and a black cow, one of the herd, saw this, and asked him what was the matter.
The boy told her everything, and presently she beat her hoofs upon the ground.
As she did so, sweets of all kinds appeared, which the child ate greedily, and shared with his little sister, warning her the while not to mention at home what the black cow had done, lest the stepmother should be angry.
The stepmother meanwhile wondered to see how well the boy looked, and she resolved to keep watch, for she suspected that he drank the milk while tending her cows; so she told her little daughter to keep a good look-out on all his doings, and to let her know.

I can prove this tomorrow when I read it out, by the impression it makes upon the audience.
I must settle this question once and for all, otherwise I can’t go on with anything.)
“I believe I have just written dreadful nonsense; but there’s no time for correcting, as I said before.
Besides that, I have made myself a promise not to alter a single word of what I write in this paper, even though I find that I am contradicting myself every five lines.
I wish to verify the working of the natural logic of my ideas tomorrow during the reading whether I am capable of detecting logical errors, and whether all that I have meditated over during the last six months be true, or nothing but delirium.
“If two months since I had been called upon to leave my room and the view of Meyer’s wall opposite, I verily believe I should have been sorry.
But now I have no such feeling, and yet I am leaving this room and Meyer’s brick wall for ever.
So that my conclusion, that it is not worth while indulging in grief, or any other emotion, for a fortnight, has proved stronger than my very nature, and has taken over the direction of my feelings.
But is it so?
Is it the case that my nature is conquered entirely?
If I were to be put on the rack now, I should certainly cry out.
I should not say that it is not worth while to yell and feel pain because I have but a fortnight to live.

How does the offer strike you, Comrade Brady?"
"Gents," said the Kid, "it's this way."
He slipped into his coat, and resumed.
"Now that I've made good by licking Dick, they'll be giving me a chance of a big fight.
Maybe with Jimmy Garvin.
Well, if that happens, see what I mean?
I'll have to be going away somewhere and getting into training.
I shouldn't be able to come and sit with you.
But, if you gents feel like it, I'd be mighty glad to come in till I'm wanted to go into training camp."
"Great," said Smith.
"And touching salary "
"Shucks!"
said the Kid with emphasis.

It was asleep till the fairy prince came through the wood, and waked it up.
Ah, well, 'Die erste Liebe ist die beste', but that I should not expect."
"Yes, the first love is the best, but be so contented, for I never had another.
Teddy was only a boy, and soon got over his little fancy,"
said Jo, anxious to correct the Professor's mistake.
"Good!
Then I shall rest happy, and be sure that thou givest me all.
I haf waited so long, I am grown selfish, as thou wilt find, Professorin."
"I like that," cried Jo, delighted with her new name.
"Now tell me what brought you, at last, just when I wanted you?"
"This," and Mr. Bhaer took a little worn paper out of his waistcoat pocket.
Jo unfolded it, and looked much abashed, for it was one of her own contributions to a paper that paid for poetry, which accounted for her sending it an occasional attempt.
"How could that bring you?"

The guard was glad enough when Jihva came to talk to him, and he let her listen at the key-hole to what Hari-Sarman was saying.
Just imagine her astonishment when she heard him repeating her name again and again.
"Jihva!
Jihva!
Thou," he cried, "art the cause of this suffering.
Why didst thou behave in such a foolish manner, just for the sake of the good things of this life?
Never can I forgive thee, Jihva, thou wicked, wicked one!"
"Oh!
oh!"
cried Jihva in an agony of terror, "he knows the truth; he knows that I helped the thief."
And she entreated the guard to let her into the prison that she might plead with Hari-Sarman.
not to tell the king what she had done.

It was nearly over with the Wren, when he suddenly came to a park along a river's side.
In this park were a hundred lodges of our people, and before a fine lodge there sat the daughter of the chief.
It was growing dark and chilly, but still she sat there looking at the river.
The Sparrow-hawk was striking at the Wren with his beak and talons, when the Wren saw the young-woman and flew straight to her.
So swift he flew that the young-woman didn't see him at all, but she felt something strike her hand, and when she looked she saw a bone ring on her finger.
This frightened her, and she ran inside the lodge, where the fire kept the shadows from coming.
OLD-man had changed into the ring, of course, and the Sparrow-hawk didn't dare to go into the lodge; so he stopped outside and listened.
This is what he heard OLD-man say:
"'Don't be frightened, young-woman, I am neither a Wren nor a ring.
I am OLD-man and that Sparrow-hawk has chased me all the day and for nothing.
I have never done him harm, and he bothers me without reason.'
"'Liar forked-tongue,' cried the Sparrow-hawk.
'Believe him not, young-woman.

Therefore, he haunted about the Fountain of Pirene for a great many days afterwards.
He kept continually on the watch, looking upward at the sky, or else down into the water, hoping forever that he should see either the reflected image of the winged horse, or the marvelous reality.
He held the bridle, with its bright gems and golden bit, always ready in his hand.
The rustic people, who dwelt in the neighborhood, and drove their cattle to the fountain to drink, would often laugh at poor Bellerophon, and sometimes take him pretty severely to task.
They told him that an able-bodied young man, like himself, ought to have better business than to be wasting his time in such an idle pursuit.
They offered to sell him a horse, if he wanted one; and when Bellerophon declined the purchase, they tried to drive a bargain with him for his fine bridle.
Even the country boys thought him so very foolish, that they used to have a great deal of sport about him, and were rude enough not to care a fig, although Bellerophon saw and heard it.
One little urchin, for example, would play Pegasus, and cut the oddest imaginable capers, by way of flying; while one of his schoolfellows would scamper after him, holding forth a twist of bulrushes, which was intended to represent Bellerophon's ornamental bridle.
But the gentle child, who had seen the picture of Pegasus in the water, comforted the young stranger more than all the naughty boys could torment him.
The dear little fellow, in his play-hours, often sat down beside him, and, without speaking a word, would look down into the fountain and up towards the sky, with so innocent a faith, that Bellerophon could not help feeling encouraged.
Now you will, perhaps, wish to be told why it was that Bellerophon had undertaken to catch the winged horse.
And we shall find no better opportunity to speak about this matter than while he is waiting for Pegasus to appear.

“He dasn't tell!
So it was a witch that done it.
I just knowed it.”
He well knew the futility of trying to contend against witches, so he gave up discouraged.
But it occurred to him that he might as well have the marble he had just thrown away, and therefore he went and made a patient search for it.
But he could not find it.
Now he went back to his treasure-house and carefully placed himself just as he had been standing when he tossed the marble away; then he took another marble from his pocket and tossed it in the same way, saying:
“Brother, go find your brother!”
He watched where it stopped, and went there and looked.
But it must have fallen short or gone too far; so he tried twice more.
The last repetition was successful.
The two marbles lay within a foot of each other.
Just here the blast of a toy tin trumpet came faintly down the green aisles of the forest.
Tom flung off his jacket and trousers, turned a suspender into a belt, raked away some brush behind the rotten log, disclosing a rude bow and arrow, a lath sword and a tin trumpet, and in a moment had seized these things and bounded away, barelegged, with fluttering shirt.
He presently halted under a great elm, blew an answering blast, and then began to tiptoe and look warily out, this way and that.

He never went near the Epanchins’ house at all, and was exceedingly irritable and depressed.
Varvara Ardalionovna married Ptitsin this winter, and it was said that the fact of Gania’s retirement from business was the ultimate cause of the marriage, since Gania was now not only unable to support his family, but even required help himself.
We may mention that Gania was no longer mentioned in the Epanchin household any more than the prince was; but that a certain circumstance in connection with the fatal evening at Nastasia’s house became known to the general, and, in fact, to all the family the very next day.
This fact was that Gania had come home that night, but had refused to go to bed.
He had awaited the prince’s return from Ekaterinhof with feverish impatience.
On the latter’s arrival, at six in the morning, Gania had gone to him in his room, bringing with him the singed packet of money, which he had insisted that the prince should return to Nastasia Philipovna without delay.
It was said that when Gania entered the prince’s room, he came with anything but friendly feelings, and in a condition of despair and misery; but that after a short conversation, he had stayed on for a couple of hours with him, sobbing continuously and bitterly the whole time.
They had parted upon terms of cordial friendship.
The Epanchins heard about this, as well as about the episode at Nastasia Philipovna’s.
It was strange, perhaps, that the facts should become so quickly, and fairly accurately, known.
As far as Gania was concerned, it might have been supposed that the news had come through Varvara Ardalionovna, who had suddenly become a frequent visitor of the Epanchin girls, greatly to their mother’s surprise.
But though Varvara had seen fit, for some reason, to make friends with them, it was not likely that she would have talked to them about her brother.

Everyone has his little peculiarities, you know, and some people perhaps have more than those who are most pointed at and laughed at.
One thing I must beg of you if my husband applies to you for payment for board and lodging, tell him that you have already paid me.
Of course anything paid by you to the general would be as fully settled as if paid to me, so far as you are concerned; but I wish it to be so, if you please, for convenience’ sake.
What is it, Varia?”
Varia had quietly entered the room, and was holding out the portrait of Nastasia Philipovna to her mother.
Nina Alexandrovna started, and examined the photograph intently, gazing at it long and sadly.
At last she looked up inquiringly at Varia.
“It’s a present from herself to him,” said Varia; “the question is to be finally decided this evening.”
“This evening!” repeated her mother in a tone of despair, but softly, as though to herself.
“Then it’s all settled, of course, and there’s no hope left to us.
She has anticipated her answer by the present of her portrait.
Did he show it you himself?” she added, in some surprise.
“You know we have hardly spoken to each other for a whole month.
Ptitsin told me all about it; and the photo was lying under the table, and I picked it up.”
“Prince,” asked Nina Alexandrovna, “I wanted to inquire whether you have known my son long?

Flames shone out of his eyes; out of his nostrils smoke came in clouds, and the horse asked with a man's voice:
"What is thy wish?"
Ivanoushka the Simpleton crawled into the horse's left ear, transformed himself and reappeared at the right ear, such a handsome fellow that in no book is there written any description of him; no one has ever seen such a fellow.
He jumped onto the horse and touched his iron sides with a silk whip.
The horse became impatient, lifted himself above the ground, higher and higher above the dark woods below the traveling clouds.
He swam over the large rivers, jumped over the small ones, as well as over hills and mountains.
Ivanoushka the Simpleton arrived at the hall of the Tsarevna Baktriana, flew up like a hawk, passed through thirty circles, could not reach the last two, and went away like a whirlwind.
The people were shouting: "Take hold of him!
take hold of him!"
The Tsar jumped to his feet, the Tsaritza screamed.
Every one was roaring in amazement.
The brothers of Ivanoushka came home and there was but one subject of conversation what a splendid fellow they had seen!
What a wonderful start to pass through the thirty circles!

"I'll take a leaf out of her book, and try not only to seem glad, but to be so, and not grudge her one minute of happiness.
But it won't be easy, for it is a dreadful disappointment," and poor Jo bedewed the little fat pincushion she held with several very bitter tears.
"Jo, dear, I'm very selfish, but I couldn't spare you, and I'm glad you are not going quite yet," whispered Beth, embracing her, basket and all, with such a clinging touch and loving face that Jo felt comforted in spite of the sharp regret that made her want to box her own ears, and humbly beg Aunt Carrol to burden her with this favor, and see how gratefully she would bear it.
By the time Amy came in, Jo was able to take her part in the family jubilation, not quite as heartily as usual, perhaps, but without repinings at Amy's good fortune.
The young lady herself received the news as tidings of great joy, went about in a solemn sort of rapture, and began to sort her colors and pack her pencils that evening, leaving such trifles as clothes, money, and passports to those less absorbed in visions of art than herself.
"It isn't a mere pleasure trip to me, girls," she said impressively, as she scraped her best palette.
"It will decide my career, for if I have any genius, I shall find it out in Rome, and will do something to prove it."
"Suppose you haven't?"
said Jo, sewing away, with red eyes, at the new collars which were to be handed over to Amy.
"Then I shall come home and teach drawing for my living," replied the aspirant for fame, with philosophic composure.
But she made a wry face at the prospect, and scratched away at her palette as if bent on vigorous measures before she gave up her hopes.
"No, you won't.

"The Ansarey?"
exclaimed Tancred.
"They hold the mountains around Antioch, which are the key of Palestine, don't they?
What is their religion?
Do you think that the doctrine of theocratic equality would appeal to them as it did to the Arabians?"
"I don't know," said the emir.
"They never allow strangers to enter their country.
They are a very ancient people, and they fight so well in their mountains that even the Turks have not been able to conquer them."
"But can't we make overtures?"
said Tancred.
"That is what I have done," said Fakredeen.
"The Queen of the Ansarey has heard about you, and I have arranged that we should go and see her as soon as the Syrian assembly was over.

"And go now," said the grandmother,     "Since falling is the dew,   Go down unto the lonesome glen,     And milk the mother ewe!"
All down into the lonesome glen,     Through copses thick and wild,   Through moist rank grass, by trickling streams,     Went on the willing child.
And when she came to the lonesome glen,     She kept beside the burn,   And neither plucked the strawberry flower     Nor broke the lady fern.
And while she milked the mother ewe     Within this lonesome glen,   She wished that little Amy     Were strong and well again.
And soon as she thought this thought,     She heard a coming sound,   As if a thousand fairy folk     Were gathering all around.
And then she heard a little voice,     Shrill as the midge's wing,   That spake aloud, "A human child     Is here; yet mark this thing, 
  "The lady-fern is all unbroke,     The strawberry flower unta'en!
What shall be done for her who still     From mischief can refrain?"
"Give her a fairy cake!"
said one;     "Grant her a wish!"
said three;   "The latest wish that she hath wished,"
    Said all, "whate'er it be!"
Kind Mabel heard the words they spake,     And from the lonesome glen   Unto the good old grandmother     Went gladly back again.
Thus happened it to Mabel     On that midsummer day,   And these three fairy blessings     She took with her away.

As for your remarks about friendship with me thanks, very much indeed.
You must excuse my being a little absent this evening.
Do you know, I cannot somehow be attentive to anything just now?”
“I see, I see,” said Evgenie, smiling gently.
His mirth seemed very near the surface this evening.
“What do you see?” said the prince, startled.
“I don’t want you to suspect that I have simply come here to deceive you and pump information out of you!” said Evgenie, still smiling, and without making any direct reply to the question.
“Oh, but I haven’t the slightest doubt that you did come to pump me,”
 said the prince, laughing himself, at last; “and I dare say you are quite prepared to deceive me too, so far as that goes.
But what of that?
I’m not afraid of you; besides, you’ll hardly believe it, I feel as though I really didn’t care a scrap one way or the other, just now!
And and and as you are a capital fellow, I am convinced of that, I dare say we really shall end by being good friends.
I like you very much Evgenie Pavlovitch; I consider you a very good fellow indeed.”
“Well, in any case, you are a most delightful man to have to deal with, be the business what it may,” concluded Evgenie.
“Come along now, I’ll drink a glass to your health.

Then he set out and found himself in a very large forest, which he could not get to the end of in one day.
When evening came he seated himself in a high tree in order to escape from the wild beasts.
Towards midnight, it seemed to him as if a tiny little light glimmered in the distance.
Then he looked down through the branches towards it, and kept well in his mind where it was.
But in the first place he took off his hat and threw it down in the direction of the light, so that he might go to the hat as a mark when he had descended.
Then he got down and went to his hat, put it on again and went straight forwards.
The farther he went, the larger the light grew, and when he got close to it he saw that it was an enormous fire, and that three giants were sitting by it, who had an ox on the spit, and were roasting it.
Presently one of them said, “I must just taste if the meat will soon be fit to eat,” and pulled a piece off, and was about to put it in his mouth when the huntsman shot it out of his hand.
“Well, really,” said the giant, “if the wind has not blown the bit out of my hand!” and helped himself to another.
But when he was just about to bite into it, the huntsman again shot it away from him.
On this the giant gave the one who was sitting next him a box on the ear, and cried angrily, “Why art thou snatching my piece away from me?” “I have not snatched it away,” said the other, “a sharpshooter must have shot it away from thee.” The giant took another piece, but could not, however, keep it in his hand, for the huntsman shot it out.
Then the giant said, “That must be a good shot to shoot the bit out of one’s very mouth, such an one would be useful to us.” And he cried aloud, “Come here, thou sharpshooter, seat thyself at the fire beside us and eat thy fill, we will not hurt thee; but if thou wilt not come, and we have to bring thee by force, thou art a lost man!” On this the youth went up to them and told them he was a skilled huntsman, and that whatever he aimed at with his gun, he was certain to hit.

Alone, in such remotest waters, that though you sailed a thousand miles, and passed a thousand shores, you would not come to any chiseled hearth-stone, or aught hospitable beneath that part of the sun; in such latitudes and longitudes, pursuing too such a calling as he does, the whaleman is wrapped by influences all tending to make his fancy pregnant with many a mighty birth.
No wonder, then, that ever gathering volume from the mere transit over the widest watery spaces, the outblown rumors of the White Whale did in the end incorporate with themselves all manner of morbid hints, and half-formed fœtal suggestions of supernatural agencies, which eventually invested Moby Dick with new terrors unborrowed from anything that visibly appears.
So that in many cases such a panic did he finally strike, that few who by those rumors, at least, had heard of the White Whale, few of those hunters were willing to encounter the perils of his jaw.
But there were still other and more vital practical influences at work.
Not even at the present day has the original prestige of the Sperm Whale, as fearfully distinguished from all other species of the leviathan, died out of the minds of the whalemen as a body.
There are those this day among them, who, though intelligent and courageous enough in offering battle to the Greenland or Right whale, would perhaps—either from professional inexperience, or incompetency, or timidity, decline a contest with the Sperm Whale; at any rate, there are plenty of whalemen, especially among those whaling nations not sailing under the American flag, who have never hostilely encountered the Sperm Whale, but whose sole knowledge of the leviathan is restricted to the ignoble monster primitively pursued in the North; seated on their hatches, these men will hearken with a childish fireside interest and awe, to the wild, strange tales of Southern whaling.
Nor is the pre-eminent tremendousness of the great Sperm Whale anywhere more feelingly comprehended, than on board of those prows which stem him.
And as if the now tested reality of his might had in former legendary times thrown its shadow before it; we find some book naturalists—Olassen and Povelson—declaring the Sperm Whale not only to be a consternation to every other creature in the sea, but also to be so incredibly ferocious as continually to be athirst for human blood.
Nor even down to so late a time as Cuvier’s, were these or almost similar impressions effaced.
For in his Natural History, the Baron himself affirms that at sight of the Sperm Whale, all fish (sharks included) are “struck with the most lively terrors,” and “often in the precipitancy of their flight dash themselves against the rocks with such violence as to cause instantaneous death.” And however the general experiences in the fishery may amend such reports as these; yet in their full terribleness, even to the bloodthirsty item of Povelson, the superstitious belief in them is, in some vicissitudes of their vocation, revived in the minds of the hunters.
So that overawed by the rumors and portents concerning him, not a few of the fishermen recalled, in reference to Moby Dick, the earlier days of the Sperm Whale fishery, when it was oftentimes hard to induce long practised Right whalemen to embark in the perils of this new and daring warfare; such men protesting that although other leviathans might be hopefully pursued, yet to chase and point lance at such an apparition as the Sperm Whale was not for mortal man.
That to attempt it, would be inevitably to be torn into a quick eternity.

So she stayed there and washed the pots and scraped the saucepans and did all the dirty work.
And because she gave no name they called her “Cap o' Rushes.”
Well, one day there was to be a great dance a little way off, and the servants were allowed to go and look on at the grand people.
Cap o'
Rushes said she was too tired to go, so she stayed at home.
But when they were gone she offed with her cap o' rushes, and cleaned herself, and went to the dance.
And no one there was so finely dressed as her.
Well, who should be there but her master's son, and what should he do but fall in love with her the minute he set eyes on her.
He wouldn't dance with any one else.
But before the dance was done Cap o' Rushes slipt off, and away she went home.
And when the other maids came back she was pretending to be asleep with her cap o' rushes on.
Well, next morning they said to her, “You did miss a sight, Cap o'
Rushes!”
“What was that?” says she.
“Why, the beautifullest lady you ever see, dressed right gay and ga'.
The young master, he never took his eyes off her.”
“Well, I should have liked to have seen her,” says Cap o' Rushes.

That's all, good-bye."
A puff of pleasant air and his godmother was gone.
"How rosy your Royal Highness's cheeks are!
You seem to have grown better," said the nurse entering the room.
"I have," replied the Prince he felt kindly, even to his grim nurse.
"Let me have my dinner, and you go to your sewing."
The instant she was gone, Prince Dolor sprang from his sofa, and with one or two of his frog-like jumps, he reached the cupboard where he kept his toys, and looked everywhere for his traveling-cloak.
Alas!
It was not there.
While he was ill, his nurse, had made a grand clearance of all his "rubbish," all the treasures of his baby days, which he could not bear to part with.
Though he seldom played with them now, he liked just to feel they were there.
They were all gone!

Were others cognizant of this?
Were there any witnesses?"
"Of course not," said the girl.
"Only me and him.
It was generally at church-time or prayer-meeting.
Once, in passing the plate, he slipped one o' them peppermint lozenges with the letters stamped on it 'I love you' for me to take."
The Colonel coughed slightly.
"And you have the lozenge?"
"I ate it," said the girl, simply.
"Ah," said the Colonel.
After a pause he added, delicately:
"But were these attentions er confined to er -sacred precincts?
Did he meet you elsewhere?"

When she pulled it the silk curtain ran back on rings and when it ran back it uncovered a picture.
It was the picture of a girl with a laughing face.
She had bright hair tied up with a blue ribbon and her gay, lovely eyes were exactly like Colin’s unhappy ones, agate gray and looking twice as big as they really were because of the black lashes all round them.
“She is my mother,” said Colin complainingly.
“I don’t see why she died.
Sometimes I hate her for doing it.”
“How queer!” said Mary.
“If she had lived I believe I should not have been ill always,” he grumbled.
“I dare say I should have lived, too.
And my father would not have hated to look at me.
I dare say I should have had a strong back.
Draw the curtain again.”
Mary did as she was told and returned to her footstool.
“She is much prettier than you,” she said, “but her eyes are just like yours—at least they are the same shape and color.

Now, why do you spend so much of your time before this mirror?"
Then she told him of her mother's last words, and of how she had promised to meet her child whenever she looked into the glass.
But still the father could not understand the simplicity of his daughter's character in not knowing that what she saw reflected in the mirror was in reality her own face, and not that of her mother.
"What do you mean?"
he asked.
"I do not understand how you can meet the soul of your lost mother by looking in this mirror?"
"It is indeed true," said the girl: "and if you don't believe what I say, look for yourself," and she placed the mirror before her.
There, looking back from the smooth metal disk, was her own sweet face.
She pointed to the reflection seriously:
"Do you doubt me still?"
she asked earnestly, looking up into his face.
With an exclamation of sudden understanding the father smote his two hands together.
"How stupid I am!

Yes, mother, I will.
Good-by.
Mother Goose.
Good-by.
SCENE II.
House of Mother Hubbard 
Jack (knocking).
I wonder if Old Mother Hubbard is at home.
Hark!
I hear her dog barking.
Yes, and I hear her step.
Here she is!
Mother Hubbard (opening the door).

"How I do wish," he thought to himself, "I could make friends with the cat, now she is in distress, and get her to promise not to hurt me if ever she gets free.
As long as I am near the cat, the owl will not dare to come after me."
As he thought and thought, his eyes got brighter and brighter, and at last he decided what he would do.
He had, you see, kept his presence of mind; that is to say, he did not let his fright of the cat or the owl prevent him from thinking clearly.
He now ventured forth from amongst the barley, and coming near enough to the cat for her to see him quite clearly, but not near enough for her to reach him with her claws, or far enough away for the owl to get him without danger from those terrible claws, he said to the cat in a queer little squeaky voice:
"Dear Puss, I do not like to see you in such a fix.
It is true we have never been exactly friends, but I have always looked up to you as a strong and noble enemy.
If you will promise never to do me any harm, I will do my best to help you.
I have very sharp teeth, and I might perhaps be able to nibble through the string round your beautiful neck and set you free.
What do you think about it?"
7.
Do you think there was any chance of a cat and a mouse becoming real friends?
8.

Like a confiding child, she asked no questions, but left everything to God and nature, Father and Mother of us all, feeling sure that they, and they only, could teach and strengthen heart and spirit for this life and the life to come.
She did not rebuke Jo with saintly speeches, only loved her better for her passionate affection, and clung more closely to the dear human love, from which our Father never means us to be weaned, but through which He draws us closer to Himself.
She could not say, "I'm glad to go," for life was very sweet for her.
She could only sob out, "I try to be willing," while she held fast to Jo, as the first bitter wave of this great sorrow broke over them together.
By and by Beth said, with recovered serenity, "You'll tell them this when we go home?"
"I think they will see it without words," sighed Jo, for now it seemed to her that Beth changed every day.
"Perhaps not.
I've heard that the people who love best are often blindest to such things.
If they don't see it, you will tell them for me.
I don't want any secrets, and it's kinder to prepare them.
Meg has John and the babies to comfort her, but you must stand by Father and Mother, won't you Jo?"
"If I can.

Quick, quick, or you are lost!”
Pinocchio went through the water like a shot swifter and swifter.
He came close to the rock.
The Goat leaned over and gave him one of her hoofs to help him up out of the water.
Alas!
It was too late.
The monster overtook him and the Marionette found himself in between the rows of gleaming white teeth.
Only for a moment, however, for the Shark took a deep breath and, as he breathed, he drank in the Marionette as easily as he would have sucked an egg.
Then he swallowed him so fast that Pinocchio, falling down into the body of the fish, lay stunned for a half hour.
When he recovered his senses the Marionette could not remember where he was.
Around him all was darkness, a darkness so deep and so black that for a moment he thought he had put his head into an inkwell.
He listened for a few moments and heard nothing.
Once in a while a cold wind blew on his face.

Gretel.
Take your arms away from me!
The Gingerbread Witch.
Come into my house, little children!
You may have sugarplums and peaches and cherries and candies and everything nice that little folks like!
Hänsel.
No, I won't!
I don't want to go into your house.
I want to go home!
Gretel.
I don't like you, Mrs.
Gingerbread!

Then Deirdre left the men, and walked slowly after Lavarcam.
And Lavarcam would fain have known what Deirdre had told the swineherd, but the girl told her nought, and was in a dream all that day and all the morrow.
It was in the wane of the morrow that Lavarcam went forth to take counsel of the King.
And Deirdre ran with great speed to the well, but no man was there, and she waited long, but none came.
While Deirdre waited by the well, Lavarcam came near to the King's palace.
And lo!
there, on the ground before her, lay the dead body of the swineherd.
Thus was it made known to Lavarcam that in some wise Concobar the King had heard that the swineherd had spoken with Deirdre.
Therefore Lavarcam went not to the palace, but turned aside to the camp of the sons of Usna.
And Nathos came out to her, and she told him of the loneliness of the fair Deirdre and of her longing to see him.
Then said Nathos, 'But it may not be yet awhile, for Concobar found that the fair Deirdre had spoken with the swineherd, and for that cause lies he yonder, a dead man.'
'Yet tarry not long, for if thou wouldst hunt in the forest, beyond the well, then surely wouldst thou see Deirdre the Star-eyed, and none should know.'

the chicha!’ cried Don Pedro; ‘our vigorous friend looks faint;—fill up his empty glass!’
“No need, gentlemen; one moment, and I proceed.—Now, gentlemen, so suddenly perceiving the snowy whale within fifty yards of the ship—forgetful of the compact among the crew—in the excitement of the moment, the Teneriffe man had instinctively and involuntarily lifted his voice for the monster, though for some little time past it had been plainly beheld from the three sullen mast-heads.
All was now a phrensy.
‘The White Whale—the White Whale!’ was the cry from captain, mates, and harpooneers, who, undeterred by fearful rumours, were all anxious to capture so famous and precious a fish; while the dogged crew eyed askance, and with curses, the appalling beauty of the vast milky mass, that lit up by a horizontal spangling sun, shifted and glistened like a living opal in the blue morning sea.
Gentlemen, a strange fatality pervades the whole career of these events, as if verily mapped out before the world itself was charted.
The mutineer was the bowsman of the mate, and when fast to a fish, it was his duty to sit next him, while Radney stood up with his lance in the prow, and haul in or slacken the line, at the word of command.
Moreover, when the four boats were lowered, the mate’s got the start; and none howled more fiercely with delight than did Steelkilt, as he strained at his oar.
After a stiff pull, their harpooneer got fast, and, spear in hand, Radney sprang to the bow.
He was always a furious man, it seems, in a boat.
And now his bandaged cry was, to beach him on the whale’s topmost back.
Nothing loath, his bowsman hauled him up and up, through a blinding foam that blent two whitenesses together; till of a sudden the boat struck as against a sunken ledge, and keeling over, spilled out the standing mate.
That instant, as he fell on the whale’s slippery back, the boat righted, and was dashed aside by the swell, while Radney was tossed over into the sea, on the other flank of the whale.
He struck out through the spray, and, for an instant, was dimly seen through that veil, wildly seeking to remove himself from the eye of Moby Dick.

Crowds of the wicked and the wretched had been reflected in it, and had passed from its surface and this earth's together.
Haunted in a most ghastly manner that abominable place would have been, if the glass could ever have rendered back its reflections, as the ocean is one day to give up its dead.
Some passing thought of the infamy and disgrace for which it had been reserved, may have struck the prisoner's mind.
Be that as it may, a change in his position making him conscious of a bar of light across his face, he looked up; and when he saw the glass his face flushed, and his right hand pushed the herbs away.
It happened, that the action turned his face to that side of the court which was on his left.
About on a level with his eyes, there sat, in that corner of the Judge's bench, two persons upon whom his look immediately rested; so immediately, and so much to the changing of his aspect, that all the eyes that were turned upon him, turned to them.
The spectators saw in the two figures, a young lady of little more than twenty, and a gentleman who was evidently her father; a man of a very remarkable appearance in respect of the absolute whiteness of his hair, and a certain indescribable intensity of face: not of an active kind, but pondering and self-communing.
When this expression was upon him, he looked as if he were old; but when it was stirred and broken up as it was now, in a moment, on his speaking to his daughter he became a handsome man, not past the prime of life.
His daughter had one of her hands drawn through his arm, as she sat by him, and the other pressed upon it.
She had drawn close to him, in her dread of the scene, and in her pity for the prisoner.
Her forehead had been strikingly expressive of an engrossing terror and compassion that saw nothing but the peril of the accused.
This had been so very noticeable, so very powerfully and naturally shown, that starers who had had no pity for him were touched by her; and the whisper went about, “Who are they?”
Jerry, the messenger, who had made his own observations, in his own manner, and who had been sucking the rust off his fingers in his absorption, stretched his neck to hear who they were.

“Haul in!
Haul in!” cried Starbuck again; “he’s rising.”
The lines, of which, hardly an instant before, not one hand’s breadth could have been gained, were now in long quick coils flung back all dripping into the boats, and soon the whale broke water within two ship’s lengths of the hunters.
His motions plainly denoted his extreme exhaustion.
In most land animals there are certain valves or flood-gates in many of their veins, whereby when wounded, the blood is in some degree at least instantly shut off in certain directions.
Not so with the whale; one of whose peculiarities it is to have an entire non-valvular structure of the blood-vessels, so that when pierced even by so small a point as a harpoon, a deadly drain is at once begun upon his whole arterial system; and when this is heightened by the extraordinary pressure of water at a great distance below the surface, his life may be said to pour from him in incessant streams.
Yet so vast is the quantity of blood in him, and so distant and numerous its interior fountains, that he will keep thus bleeding and bleeding for a considerable period; even as in a drought a river will flow, whose source is in the well-springs of far-off and undiscernible hills.
Even now, when the boats pulled upon this whale, and perilously drew over his swaying flukes, and the lances were darted into him, they were followed by steady jets from the new made wound, which kept continually playing, while the natural spout-hole in his head was only at intervals, however rapid, sending its affrighted moisture into the air.
From this last vent no blood yet came, because no vital part of him had thus far been struck.
His life, as they significantly call it, was untouched.
As the boats now more closely surrounded him, the whole upper part of his form, with much of it that is ordinarily submerged, was plainly revealed.
His eyes, or rather the places where his eyes had been, were beheld.
As strange misgrown masses gather in the knot-holes of the noblest oaks when prostrate, so from the points which the whale’s eyes had once occupied, now protruded blind bulbs, horribly pitiable to see.

The remarks and exclamations of the spectators here were of so irritating a nature that Keller was very near making them a speech on the impropriety of their conduct, but was luckily caught by Burdovsky, in the act of turning to address them, and hurried indoors.
Nastasia Philipovna was ready.
She rose from her seat, looked into the glass and remarked, as Keller told the tale afterwards, that she was “as pale as a corpse.” She then bent her head reverently, before the ikon in the corner, and left the room.
A torrent of voices greeted her appearance at the front door.
The crowd whistled, clapped its hands, and laughed and shouted; but in a moment or two isolated voices were distinguishable.
“What a beauty!” cried one.
“Well, she isn’t the first in the world, nor the last,” said another.
“Marriage covers everything,” observed a third.
“I defy you to find another beauty like that,” said a fourth.
“She’s a real princess!
I’d sell my soul for such a princess as that!”
Nastasia came out of the house looking as white as any handkerchief; but her large dark eyes shone upon the vulgar crowd like blazing coals.
The spectators’ cries were redoubled, and became more exultant and triumphant every moment.

And when the great Teacher, Gautama the Buddha, told this tale, he used to add: "Now at that time the lion was Devadatta the Traitor, but the white crane was I myself."
How the Raja's Son won the Princess Labam.
In a country there was a Raja who had an only son who every day went out to hunt.
One day the Rani, his mother, said to him, "You can hunt wherever you like on these three sides; but you must never go to the fourth side."
This she said because she knew if he went on the fourth side he would hear of the beautiful Princess Labam, and that then he would leave his father and mother and seek for the princess.
The young prince listened to his mother, and obeyed her for some time; but one day, when he was hunting on the three sides where he was allowed to go, he remembered what she had said to him about the fourth side, and he determined to go and see why she had forbidden him to hunt on that side.
When he got there, he found himself in a jungle, and nothing in the jungle but a quantity of parrots, who lived in it.
The young Raja shot at some of them, and at once they all flew away up to the sky.
All, that is, but one, and this was their Raja, who was called Hiraman parrot.
When Hiraman parrot found himself left alone, he called out to the other parrots, "Don't fly away and leave me alone when the Raja's son shoots.
If you desert me like this, I will tell the Princess Labam."
Then the parrots all flew back to their Raja, chattering.

We have a housekeeper now, but she is old and foolish, and I could easily get her out of the way.”
“Excellent.
You are not averse to this trip, Watson?”
“By no means.”
“Then we shall both come.
What are you going to do yourself?”
“I have one or two things which I would wish to do now that I am in town.
But I shall return by the twelve o’clock train, so as to be there in time for your coming.”
“And you may expect us early in the afternoon.
I have myself some small business matters to attend to.
Will you not wait and breakfast?”
“No, I must go.
My heart is lightened already since I have confided my trouble to you.
I shall look forward to seeing you again this afternoon.” She dropped her thick black veil over her face and glided from the room.
“And what do you think of it all, Watson?” asked Sherlock Holmes, leaning back in his chair.
“It seems to me to be a most dark and sinister business.”
“Dark enough and sinister enough.”
“Yet if the lady is correct in saying that the flooring and walls are sound, and that the door, window, and chimney are impassable, then her sister must have been undoubtedly alone when she met her mysterious end.”
“What becomes, then, of these nocturnal whistles, and what of the very peculiar words of the dying woman?”
“I cannot think.”
“When you combine the ideas of whistles at night, the presence of a band of gipsies who are on intimate terms with this old doctor, the fact that we have every reason to believe that the doctor has an interest in preventing his stepdaughter’s marriage, the dying allusion to a band, and, finally, the fact that Miss Helen Stoner heard a metallic clang, which might have been caused by one of those metal bars that secured the shutters falling back into its place, I think that there is good ground to think that the mystery may be cleared along those lines.”
“But what, then, did the gipsies do?”
“I cannot imagine.”
“I see many objections to any such theory.”
“And so do I.
It is precisely for that reason that we are going to Stoke Moran this day.
I want to see whether the objections are fatal, or if they may be explained away.

"And it's my firm belief," reflected Bates with an air of profound conviction, "that that baby of Bennett's was designed special and, as you might say, providential, for to be Beetle Ring's mascot.
Fat Pine and Horseshoe have 'em mascots to bring luck, and I've noticed Beetle Ring ain't had the luck lately it should have."
Bates paused, and the camp meditated in silent delight.
Thanksgiving morning was a cold one, but clear.
More snow had fallen, and the deep, feathery whiteness stretched away until lost in the dark background of the pines and spruces.
A wavering line of smoke rose over the roof of the little old shack in the woods.
Bennett was winding rags round the armpieces of the rough crutches.
He had dragged in some short limbs the day before for fuel, but in so doing had broken open the wound, which gave him excruciating pain.
"Joe," said his wife, suddenly, "where are you going?"
"I'm going to try for help, Nan.
We're out of nigh everything, and my foot no better."
"You can't do it, Joe.

“Why, I never see anything like it.
What did make him act so?”
“Deed I don't know, Aunt Polly; cats always act so when they're having a good time.”
“They do, do they?” There was something in the tone that made Tom apprehensive.
“Yes'm.
That is, I believe they do.”
“You do?”
“Yes'm.”
The old lady was bending down, Tom watching, with interest emphasized by anxiety.
Too late he divined her “drift.” The handle of the telltale tea-spoon was visible under the bed-valance.
Aunt Polly took it, held it up.
Tom winced, and dropped his eyes.
Aunt Polly raised him by the usual handle his ear and cracked his head soundly with her thimble.
“Now, sir, what did you want to treat that poor dumb beast so, for?”
“I done it out of pity for him because he hadn't any aunt.”
“Hadn't any aunt!
you numskull.
What has that got to do with it?”
“Heaps.
Because if he'd had one she'd a burnt him out herself!

“Just now, I confess,” began the prince, with more animation, “when you asked me for a subject for a picture, I confess I had serious thoughts of giving you one.
I thought of asking you to draw the face of a criminal, one minute before the fall of the guillotine, while the wretched man is still standing on the scaffold, preparatory to placing his neck on the block.”
“What, his face?
only his face?” asked Adelaida.
“That would be a strange subject indeed.
And what sort of a picture would that make?”
“Oh, why not?” the prince insisted, with some warmth.
“When I was in Basle I saw a picture very much in that style I should like to tell you about it; I will some time or other; it struck me very forcibly.”
“Oh, you shall tell us about the Basle picture another time; now we must have all about the execution,” said Adelaida.
“Tell us about that face as it appeared to your imagination how should it be drawn?
just the face alone, do you mean?”
“It was just a minute before the execution,” began the prince, readily, carried away by the recollection and evidently forgetting everything else in a moment; “just at the instant when he stepped off the ladder on to the scaffold.
He happened to look in my direction: I saw his eyes and understood all, at once but how am I to describe it?
I do so wish you or somebody else could draw it, you, if possible.
I thought at the time what a picture it would make.
You must imagine all that went before, of course, all all.

He suffers in an excellent cause."
CHAPTER XVI 
TWO VISITORS TO THE OFFICE 
There was once an editor of a paper in the Far West who was sitting at his desk, musing pleasantly on life, when a bullet crashed through the window and imbedded itself in the wall at the back of his head.
A happy smile lighted up the editor's face.
"Ah!"
he said complacently, "I knew that personal column of ours would make a hit!"
What the bullet was to the Far West editor, the visit of Mr. Martin Parker to the offices of Peaceful Moments was to Smith.
It occurred shortly after the publication of the second number of the new series, and was directly due to Betty's first and only suggestion for the welfare of the paper.
If the first number of the series had not staggered humanity, it had at least caused a certain amount of comment.
The warm weather had begun, and there was nothing much going on in New York.
The papers were consequently free to take notice of the change in the policy of Peaceful Moments.
Through the agency of Smith's newspaper friends, it received some very satisfactory free advertisement, and the sudden increase in the sales enabled Smith to bear up with fortitude against the numerous letters of complaint from old subscribers who did not know what was good for them.
Visions of a large new public which should replace these Brooklyn and Flatbush ingrates filled his mind.

MY DOUBLE; AND HOW HE UNDID ME 
By Edward Everett Hale (1822-1909)
[From The Atlantic Monthly, September, 1859.
Republished in the volume, The Man Without a Country, and Other Tales (1868), by Edward Everett Hale (Little, Brown & Co.).]
It is not often that I trouble the readers of The Atlantic Monthly.
I should not trouble them now, but for the importunities of my wife, who "feels to insist" that a duty to society is unfulfilled, till I have told why I had to have a double, and how he undid me.
She is sure, she says, that intelligent persons cannot understand that pressure upon public servants which alone drives any man into the employment of a double.
And while I fear she thinks, at the bottom of her heart, that my fortunes will never be re-made, she has a faint hope, that, as another Rasselas, I may teach a lesson to future publics, from which they may profit, though we die.
Owing to the behavior of my double, or, if you please, to that public pressure which compelled me to employ him, I have plenty of leisure to write this communication.
I am, or rather was, a minister, of the Sandemanian connection.
I was settled in the active, wide-awake town of Naguadavick, on one of the finest water-powers in Maine.
We used to call it a Western town in the heart of the civilization of New England.
A charming place it was and is.
A spirited, brave young parish had I; and it seemed as if we might have all "the joy of eventful living" to our hearts' content.

Many's the time I've done it (in play you understand) with that whip and those gloves.
Dear!
dear!
The pains I took to teach my sister Patty to be a highwayman, and jump out on me from the drying-ground hedge in the dusk with a 'Stand and deliver!'
which she couldn't get out of her throat for fright, and wouldn't jump hard enough for fear of hurting me.
"The whip and the gloves gave me joy, I can tell you; but there was more to come.
"Kitty the servant gave me a shell that she had had by her for years.
How I had coveted that shell!
It had this remarkable property: when you put it to your ear, you could hear the roaring of the sea.
I had never seen the sea, but Kitty was born in a fisherman's cottage, and many an hour have I sat by the kitchen fire whilst she told me strange stories of the mighty ocean, and ever and anon she would snatch the shell from the mantelpiece and clap it to my ear, crying, 'There, child, you couldn't hear it plainer than that.
It's the very moral!'
"When Kitty gave me that shell for my very own, I felt that life had little more to offer.

a vessel comes sailing near the island.
"Ahoy!
good people!
take me along!"
"No time to stop!"
And they went sailing by.
But the winds arose and the tempest was heavy.
"It seems as if this fellow over there is not an ordinary man; we had better go back and take him along," decided the sailors.
They turned the prow toward the island, landed, took the merchant's son along with them and brought him to his native town.
It was a long time, or perhaps only a short time after who could tell?
that one day the merchant's son took again his shovel and went to the market place in search of work.
The same very rich merchant came along in his gilded carriage; and, as of old, all the fellows who saw him coming rushed away.

At the sight of it Hippolyte seemed amazed.
He lifted his hand timidly and, touched the tear with his finger, smiling like a child.
“I... you,” he began joyfully.
“You cannot tell how I... he always spoke so enthusiastically of you, Colia here; I liked his enthusiasm.
I was not corrupting him!
But I must leave him, too I wanted to leave them all there was not one of them not one!
I wanted to be a man of action I had a right to be.
Oh!
what a lot of things I wanted!
Now I want nothing; I renounce all my wants; I swore to myself that I would want nothing; let them seek the truth without me!
Yes, nature is full of mockery!
Why” he continued with sudden warmth “does she create the choicest beings only to mock at them?

In the meantime, Bisuntha came to the same city, and begged a night's shelter.
The people were fully aware that night after night a fierce man-eating tiger came to that town, and demanded a man to eat.
They did not wish to give one of the men belonging to the town, so Bisuntha, being a stranger, was selected for the tiger, and told to go and sleep in the place where it was likely to come.
At night he lay awake thinking, and the tiger came; but Bisuntha had his sword beside him, so he promptly killed the tiger, and placed its ears and whiskers in his pocket.
In the morning a sweeper came, thinking to find the stranger dead and his bones scattered about, but, instead, he found the tiger dead, and the stranger lying fast asleep; so he resolved to take all the honour of killing the tiger to himself, and went back to the city with the news that he had killed the tiger single-handed, and saved the man.
This story was believed, and the sweeper richly rewarded, but Bisuntha heard nothing.
Now there lived in that city a merchant who owned a ship and went to distant cities to trade, but sometimes the ship stuck in the sandbanks, and could not be moved.
At such times it was necessary to kill a man, and then the sand was pleased at the sacrifice and let the ship go.
It was always difficult to find a man for the purpose, and the Rajah was often asked to select one.
Bisuntha, at this time, had taken up service in the house of an oil merchant, and being a stranger, he was selected for a second time, and sent by the Rajah to accompany the merchant, at the risk of his life.
At the first sandbank, when the ship was in difficulties and could not be moved, the merchant told Bisuntha he must prepare to die; but Bisuntha said: "You desire your ship to move, whether I die or whether I do not.
If I can make it move on for you, will you spare my life?"

"What'll we set it with?"
Sara looked round the attic, too.
"There doesn't seem to be much," she answered, half laughing.
That moment she saw something and pounced upon it.
It was Ermengarde's red shawl which lay upon the floor.
"Here's the shawl," she cried.
"I know she won't mind it.
It will make such a nice red tablecloth."
They pulled the old table forward, and threw the shawl over it.
Red is a wonderfully kind and comfortable color.
It began to make the room look furnished directly.
"How nice a red rug would look on the floor!"

He was already in his basket.
“As I can't be baby,” Tootles said, getting heavier and heavier and heavier, “do you think I could be a twin?”
“No, indeed,” replied the twins; “it's awfully difficult to be a twin.”
“As I can't be anything important,” said Tootles, “would any of you like to see me do a trick?”
“No,” they all replied.
Then at last he stopped.
“I hadn't really any hope,” he said.
The hateful telling broke out again.
“Slightly is coughing on the table.”
“The twins began with cheese-cakes.”
“Curly is taking both butter and honey.”
“Nibs is speaking with his mouth full.”
“I complain of the twins.”
“I complain of Curly.”
“I complain of Nibs.”
“Oh dear, oh dear,” cried Wendy, “I'm sure I sometimes think that spinsters are to be envied.”
She told them to clear away, and sat down to her work-basket, a heavy load of stockings and every knee with a hole in it as usual.
“Wendy,” remonstrated [scolded] Michael, “I'm too big for a cradle.”
“I must have somebody in a cradle,” she said almost tartly, “and you are the littlest.
A cradle is such a nice homely thing to have about a house.”
While she sewed they played around her; such a group of happy faces and dancing limbs lit up by that romantic fire.
It had become a very familiar scene, this, in the home under the ground, but we are looking on it for the last time.
There was a step above, and Wendy, you may be sure, was the first to recognize it.
“Children, I hear your father's step.
He likes you to meet him at the door.”
Above, the redskins crouched before Peter.

In camp at nights if he was not tied up, he would burrow in the snow until he was completely hidden, and remain there out of sight until the team was ready to leave.
No amount of calling and coaxing would induce him to leave his hole, which was generally so well hidden that it was impossible to find it.
But as soon as he felt the other six dogs in harness ready to go, he would burst out of the snow and slip on his own collar with a toss of his nose while he looked around anxiously to see if the driver was coming to fasten his girth.
Poor, dear, old Spot!
He died in 1913, in harness.
He was getting old and the last trip was too much for him.
After a week of bitter suffering, he fell in the traces.
We put him on the sleigh.
His pride forbade him to be drawn by the team.
He rolled off in the snow and tried to get back to his place in the lead.
He was very weak but he still snarled defiance at the young dogs who were doing the work without him.
Little by little, even out of harness, he could not follow the pace.

She often thought that other people were, but she did not know that she was so herself.
She thought Mrs. Medlock the most disagreeable person she had ever seen, with her common, highly colored face and her common fine bonnet.
When the next day they set out on their journey to Yorkshire, she walked through the station to the railway carriage with her head up and trying to keep as far away from her as she could, because she did not want to seem to belong to her.
It would have made her angry to think people imagined she was her little girl.
But Mrs. Medlock was not in the least disturbed by her and her thoughts.
She was the kind of woman who would “stand no nonsense from young ones.” At least, that is what she would have said if she had been asked.
She had not wanted to go to London just when her sister Maria’s daughter was going to be married, but she had a comfortable, well paid place as housekeeper at Misselthwaite Manor and the only way in which she could keep it was to do at once what Mr. Archibald Craven told her to do.
She never dared even to ask a question.
“Captain Lennox and his wife died of the cholera,” Mr. Craven had said in his short, cold way.
“Captain Lennox was my wife’s brother and I am their daughter’s guardian.
The child is to be brought here.
You must go to London and bring her yourself.”
So she packed her small trunk and made the journey.

At midnight of the seventh day, as Sentaro knelt in the temple, the door of the innermost shrine flew open, and Jofuku appeared in a luminous cloud, and calling to Sentaro to come nearer, spoke thus:
"Your desire is a very selfish one and cannot be easily granted.
You think that you would like to become a hermit so as to find the Elixir of Life.
Do you know how hard a hermit's life is?
A hermit is only allowed to eat fruit and berries and the bark of pine trees; a hermit must cut himself off from the world so that his heart may become as pure as gold and free from every earthly desire.
Gradually after following these strict rules, the hermit ceases to feel hunger or cold or heat, and his body becomes so light that he can ride on a crane or a carp, and can walk on water without getting his feet wet.
"You, Sentaro, are fond of good living and of every comfort.
You are not even like an ordinary man, for you are exceptionally idle, and more sensitive to heat and cold than most people.
You would never be able to go barefoot or to wear only one thin garment in the winter time!
Do you think that you would ever have the patience or the endurance to live a hermit's life?
"In answer to your prayer, however, I will help you in another way.
I will send you to the country of Perpetual Life, where death never comes where the people live for ever!"
Saying this, Jofuku put into Sentaro's hand a little crane made of paper, telling him to sit on its back and it would carry him there.

I’m bressed if he ain’t more of shark dan Massa Shark hisself,” muttered the old man, limping away; with which sage ejaculation he went to his hammock.
CHAPTER 65.
The Whale as a Dish.
That mortal man should feed upon the creature that feeds his lamp, and, like Stubb, eat him by his own light, as you may say; this seems so outlandish a thing that one must needs go a little into the history and philosophy of it.
It is upon record, that three centuries ago the tongue of the Right Whale was esteemed a great delicacy in France, and commanded large prices there.
Also, that in Henry VIIIth’s time, a certain cook of the court obtained a handsome reward for inventing an admirable sauce to be eaten with barbacued porpoises, which, you remember, are a species of whale.
Porpoises, indeed, are to this day considered fine eating.
The meat is made into balls about the size of billiard balls, and being well seasoned and spiced might be taken for turtle-balls or veal balls.
The old monks of Dunfermline were very fond of them.
They had a great porpoise grant from the crown.
The fact is, that among his hunters at least, the whale would by all hands be considered a noble dish, were there not so much of him; but when you come to sit down before a meat-pie nearly one hundred feet long, it takes away your appetite.
Only the most unprejudiced of men like Stubb, nowadays partake of cooked whales; but the Esquimaux are not so fastidious.

She flew at her and shook her.
"You insolent, unmanageable child!"
she cried.
"How dare you!
How dare you!"
She picked up the books, swept the rest of the feast back into the hamper in a jumbled heap, thrust it into Ermengarde's arms, and pushed her before her toward the door.
"I will leave you to wonder," she said.
"Go to bed this instant."
And she shut the door behind herself and poor stumbling Ermengarde, and left Sara standing quite alone.
The dream was quite at an end.
The last spark had died out of the paper in the grate and left only black tinder; the table was left bare, the golden plates and richly embroidered napkins, and the garlands were transformed again into old handkerchiefs, scraps of red and white paper, and discarded artificial flowers all scattered on the floor; the minstrels in the minstrel gallery had stolen away, and the viols and bassoons were still.
Emily was sitting with her back against the wall, staring very hard.

The three mast-heads are kept manned from sun-rise to sun-set; the seamen taking their regular turns (as at the helm), and relieving each other every two hours.
In the serene weather of the tropics it is exceedingly pleasant the mast-head; nay, to a dreamy meditative man it is delightful.
There you stand, a hundred feet above the silent decks, striding along the deep, as if the masts were gigantic stilts, while beneath you and between your legs, as it were, swim the hugest monsters of the sea, even as ships once sailed between the boots of the famous Colossus at old Rhodes.
There you stand, lost in the infinite series of the sea, with nothing ruffled but the waves.
The tranced ship indolently rolls; the drowsy trade winds blow; everything resolves you into languor.
For the most part, in this tropic whaling life, a sublime uneventfulness invests you; you hear no news; read no gazettes; extras with startling accounts of commonplaces never delude you into unnecessary excitements; you hear of no domestic afflictions; bankrupt securities; fall of stocks; are never troubled with the thought of what you shall have for dinner—for all your meals for three years and more are snugly stowed in casks, and your bill of fare is immutable.
In one of those southern whalesmen, on a long three or four years’
voyage, as often happens, the sum of the various hours you spend at the mast-head would amount to several entire months.
And it is much to be deplored that the place to which you devote so considerable a portion of the whole term of your natural life, should be so sadly destitute of anything approaching to a cosy inhabitiveness, or adapted to breed a comfortable localness of feeling, such as pertains to a bed, a hammock, a hearse, a sentry box, a pulpit, a coach, or any other of those small and snug contrivances in which men temporarily isolate themselves.
Your most usual point of perch is the head of the t’ gallant-mast, where you stand upon two thin parallel sticks (almost peculiar to whalemen)
called the t’ gallant cross-trees.
Here, tossed about by the sea, the beginner feels about as cosy as he would standing on a bull’s horns.
To be sure, in cold weather you may carry your house aloft with you, in the shape of a watch-coat; but properly speaking the thickest watch-coat is no more of a house than the unclad body; for as the soul is glued inside of its fleshy tabernacle, and cannot freely move about in it, nor even move out of it, without running great risk of perishing (like an ignorant pilgrim crossing the snowy Alps in winter); so a watch-coat is not so much of a house as it is a mere envelope, or additional skin encasing you.
You cannot put a shelf or chest of drawers in your body, and no more can you make a convenient closet of your watch-coat.

time was, when as the sunrise nobly spurred me, so the sunset soothed.
No more.
This lovely light, it lights not me; all loveliness is anguish to me, since I can ne’er enjoy.
Gifted with the high perception, I lack the low, enjoying power; damned, most subtly and most malignantly!
damned in the midst of Paradise!
Good night—good night!
(waving his hand, he moves from the window.)
’Twas not so hard a task.
I thought to find one stubborn, at the least; but my one cogged circle fits into all their various wheels, and they revolve.
Or, if you will, like so many ant-hills of powder, they all stand before me; and I their match.
Oh, hard!
that to fire others, the match itself must needs be wasting!

The boy had heard his mother say only the week before that she wanted to write to Brother Obie, but was no hand at letters, especially when there was no good news to write.
A thought now came to young Obadiah.
He would write to his Uncle to-morrow, and his brain began fairly to hum with what he would say.
When his time came he invested one cent in a clean white stick of candy and the remaining two in a postage stamp.
"I'll pay two cents back to pa as soon as I get the answer," he said confidently to his questioning conscience.
His walk home abounded in exasperations.
Never had game appeared so plentiful.
Three separate flocks of prairie chickens flew directly over his head, a rabbit scurried across his path, and in the stubble of the ruined grainfields rose and fell little clouds of quail.
"They just know it ain't loaded!"
grumbled Obadiah, trudging with his empty gun.
That night, after Sis had gone to sleep, and his mother had lain down beside her, cheerfully remarking that bed was cheaper than fire, and that she was glad there was a good wood lot on the Elbridge place, Obadiah, behind the sheltering canvas partition that separated the kitchen from the bedrooms, wrote the following letter:
    DEAR UNCLE: Last year our crops were burned up by the     drought and this year they were swept away by a cyclone     and all the stock was killed, and father will not get     his pay for carpenter work until December.
If there was     no hole in the dollar you gave me when I was a baby I     would take it and buy something for Thanksgiving.

Besides all the other phenomena which the exterior of the Sperm Whale presents, he not seldom displays the back, and more especially his flanks, effaced in great part of the regular linear appearance, by reason of numerous rude scratches, altogether of an irregular, random aspect.
I should say that those New England rocks on the sea-coast, which Agassiz imagines to bear the marks of violent scraping contact with vast floating icebergs—I should say, that those rocks must not a little resemble the Sperm Whale in this particular.
It also seems to me that such scratches in the whale are probably made by hostile contact with other whales; for I have most remarked them in the large, full-grown bulls of the species.
A word or two more concerning this matter of the skin or blubber of the whale.
It has already been said, that it is stript from him in long pieces, called blanket-pieces.
Like most sea-terms, this one is very happy and significant.
For the whale is indeed wrapt up in his blubber as in a real blanket or counterpane; or, still better, an Indian poncho slipt over his head, and skirting his extremity.
It is by reason of this cosy blanketing of his body, that the whale is enabled to keep himself comfortable in all weathers, in all seas, times, and tides.
What would become of a Greenland whale, say, in those shuddering, icy seas of the North, if unsupplied with his cosy surtout?
True, other fish are found exceedingly brisk in those Hyperborean waters; but these, be it observed, are your cold-blooded, lungless fish, whose very bellies are refrigerators; creatures, that warm themselves under the lee of an iceberg, as a traveller in winter would bask before an inn fire; whereas, like man, the whale has lungs and warm blood.
Freeze his blood, and he dies.
How wonderful is it then—except after explanation—that this great monster, to whom corporeal warmth is as indispensable as it is to man; how wonderful that he should be found at home, immersed to his lips for life in those Arctic waters!

So a messenger came to say the bear must come to the castle at once, for the King wanted to see its tricks.
So when it got to the castle every one was afraid, for such a beast they had never seen before; but the captain said there was no danger unless they laughed at it.
They mustn't do that, else it would tear them to pieces.
When the King heard that, he warned all the court not to laugh.
But while the fun was going on, in came one of the King's maids, and began to laugh and make game of the bear, and the bear flew at her and tore her, so that there was scarce a rag of her left.
Then all the court began to bewail, and the captain most of all.
"Stuff and nonsense," said the King; "she's only a maid, besides it's more my affair than yours."
When the show was over, it was late at night.
"It's no good your going away, when it's so late," said the King.
"The bear had best sleep here."
"Perhaps it might sleep in the ingle by the kitchen fire," said the captain.
"Nay," said the King, "it shall sleep up here, and it shall have pillows and cushions to sleep on."

Thus passed a long time, and then strangers came as visitors to the castle.
The false step-mother thought, “This is a good opportunity,” and called the cook and said to him, “Go and fetch the lamb from the meadow and kill it, we have nothing else for the visitors.” Then the cook went away and got the lamb, and took it into the kitchen and tied its feet, and all this it bore patiently.
When he had drawn out his knife and was whetting it on the door-step to kill the lamb, he noticed a little fish swimming backwards and forwards in the water, in front of the kitchen-sink and looking up at him.
This, however, was the brother, for when the fish saw the cook take the lamb away, it followed them and swam along the pond to the house; then the lamb cried down to it, 
“Ah, brother, in the pond so deep, How sad is my poor heart!
Even now the cook he whets his knife To take away my tender life.”
The little fish answered, 
“Ah, little sister, up on high How sad is my poor heart While in this pond I lie.”
When the cook heard that the lambkin could speak and said such sad words to the fish down below, he was terrified and thought this could be no common lamb, but must be bewitched by the wicked woman in the house.
Then said he, “Be easy, I will not kill thee,” and took another sheep and made it ready for the guests, and conveyed the lambkin to a good peasant woman, to whom he related all that he had seen and heard.
The peasant was, however, the very woman who had been foster-mother to the little sister, and she suspected at once who the lamb was, and went with it to a wise woman.
Then the wise woman pronounced a blessing over the lambkin and the little fish, by means of which they regained their human forms, and after this she took them both into a little hut in a great forest, where they lived alone, but were contented and happy.
142 Simeli Mountain 
There were once two brothers, the one rich, the other poor.
The rich one, however, gave nothing to the poor one, and he gained a scanty living by trading in corn, and often did so badly that he had no bread for his wife and children.
Once when he was wheeling a barrow through the forest he saw, on one side of him, a great, bare, naked-looking mountain, and as he had never seen it before, he stood still and stared at it with amazement.
While he was thus standing he saw twelve great, wild men coming towards him, and as he believed they were robbers he pushed his barrow into the thicket, climbed up a tree, and waited to see what would happen.

He would remind the jury that only a few weeks ago he stood there as the advocate of a powerful company, then represented by the present defendant.
He spoke then as the champion of strict justice against legal oppression; no less should he to-day champion the cause of the unprotected and the comparatively defenseless save for that paramount power which surrounds beauty and innocence even though the plaintiff of yesterday was the defendant of to-day.
As he approached the court a moment ago he had raised his eyes and beheld the starry flag flying from its dome and he knew that glorious banner was a symbol of the perfect equality, under the Constitution, of the rich and the poor, the strong and the weak an equality which made the simple citizen taken from the plough in the veld, the pick in the gulch, or from behind the counter in the mining town, who served on that jury, the equal arbiters of justice with that highest legal luminary whom they were proud to welcome on the bench to-day.
The Colonel paused, with a stately bow to the impassive Judge.
It was this, he continued, which lifted his heart as he approached the building.
And yet he had entered it with an uncertain he might almost say a timid step.
And why?
He knew, gentlemen, he was about to confront a profound aye!
a sacred responsibility!
Those hymn-books and holy writings handed to the jury were not, as his Honor surmised, for the purpose of enabling the jury to indulge in er preliminary choral exercise!
He might, indeed, say "alas not!"
They were the damning, incontrovertible proofs of the perfidy of the defendant.

He was often thus when communing with himself on board ship in the quietude of the night.
It was because he was so terribly alone.
This inscrutable man never felt more alone than when surrounded by his dogs.
They were socially inferior to him.
Hook was not his true name.
To reveal who he really was would even at this date set the country in a blaze; but as those who read between the lines must already have guessed, he had been at a famous public school; and its traditions still clung to him like garments, with which indeed they are largely concerned.
Thus it was offensive to him even now to board a ship in the same dress in which he grappled [attacked] her, and he still adhered in his walk to the school's distinguished slouch.
But above all he retained the passion for good form.
Good form!
However much he may have degenerated, he still knew that this is all that really matters.
From far within him he heard a creaking as of rusty portals, and through them came a stern tap-tap-tap, like hammering in the night when one cannot sleep.
“Have you been good form to-day?” was their eternal question.

Back to back, says I.
You save your witness, and he'll save your neck!”
I began dimly to understand.
“You mean all's lost?” I asked.
“Aye, by gum, I do!” he answered.
“Ship gone, neck gone that's the size of it.
Once I looked into that bay, Jim Hawkins, and seen no schooner well, I'm tough, but I gave out.
As for that lot and their council, mark me, they're outright fools and cowards.
I'll save your life if so be as I can from them.
But, see here, Jim tit for tat you save Long John from swinging.”
I was bewildered; it seemed a thing so hopeless he was asking he, the old buccaneer, the ringleader throughout.
“What I can do, that I'll do,” I said.
“It's a bargain!” cried Long John.
“You speak up plucky, and by thunder, I've a chance!”
He hobbled to the torch, where it stood propped among the firewood, and took a fresh light to his pipe.

"Seat yourselves," answered the image (for it had known what had ought to be done from the very first, and was only waiting for the question to be put), "seat yourselves, and handle your oars, and let Orpheus play upon his harp."
Immediately the fifty heroes got on board, and seizing their oars, held them perpendicularly in the air, while Orpheus (who liked such a task far better than rowing) swept his fingers across the harp.
At the first ringing note of the music, they felt the vessel stir.
Orpheus thrummed away briskly, and the galley slid at once into the sea, dipping her prow so deeply that the figure-head drank the wave with its marvelous lips, and rising again as buoyant as a swan.
The rowers plied their fifty oars; the white foam boiled up before the prow; the water gurgled and bubbled in their wake; while Orpheus continued to play so lively a strain of music, that the vessel seemed to dance over the billows by way of keeping time to it.
Thus triumphantly did the Argo sail out of the harbor, amidst the huzzas and good wishes of everybody except the wicked old Pelias, who stood on a promontory, scowling at her, and wishing that he could blow out of his lungs the tempest of wrath that was in his heart, and so sink the galley with all on board.
When they had sailed above fifty miles over the sea, Lynceus happened to cast his sharp eyes behind, and said that there was this bad-hearted king, still perched upon the promontory, and scowling so gloomily that it looked like a black thunder-cloud in that quarter of the horizon.
In order to make the time pass away more pleasantly during the voyage, the heroes talked about the Golden Fleece.
It originally belonged, it appears, to a Boeotian ram, who had taken on his back two children, when in danger of their lives, and fled with them over land and sea as far as Colchis.
One of the children, whose name was Helle, fell into the sea and was drowned.
But the other (a little boy, named Phrixus) was brought safe ashore by the faithful ram, who, however, was so exhausted that he immediately lay down and died.
In memory of this good deed, and as a token of his true heart, the fleece of the poor dead ram was miraculously changed to gold, and became one of the most beautiful objects ever seen on earth.

He then set forward for another part of the country, only too glad to leave the haunted plain behind him.
THE SAGACIOUS MONKEY AND THE BOAR.
Long, long ago, there lived in the province of Shinshin in Japan, a traveling monkey-man, who earned his living by taking round a monkey and showing off the animal's tricks.
One evening the man came home in a very bad temper and told his wife to send for the butcher the next morning.
The wife was very bewildered and asked her husband:
"Why do you wish me to send for the butcher?"
"It's no use taking that monkey round any longer, he's too old and forgets his tricks.
I beat him with my stick all I know how, but he won't dance properly.
I must now sell him to the butcher and make what money out of him I can.
There is nothing else to be done."
The woman felt very sorry for the poor little animal, and pleaded for her husband to spare the monkey, but her pleading was all in vain, the man was determined to sell him to the butcher.
Now the monkey was in the next room and overheard every word of the conversation.
He soon understood that he was to be killed, and he said to himself:
"Barbarous, indeed, is my master!

The startled Toad scrambled to his feet and scampered off down the road as hard as he could; and as he ran he heard the ferret laughing and other horrid thin little laughs taking it up and carrying on the sound.
He went back, very crestfallen, and told the Water Rat.
‘What did I tell you?’ said the Rat.
‘It’s no good.
They’ve got sentries posted, and they are all armed.
You must just wait.’
Still, Toad was not inclined to give in all at once.
So he got out the boat, and set off rowing up the river to where the garden front of Toad Hall came down to the waterside.
Arriving within sight of his old home, he rested on his oars and surveyed the land cautiously.
All seemed very peaceful and deserted and quiet.
He could see the whole front of Toad Hall, glowing in the evening sunshine, the pigeons settling by twos and threes along the straight line of the roof; the garden, a blaze of flowers; the creek that led up to the boat-house, the little wooden bridge that crossed it; all tranquil, uninhabited, apparently waiting for his return.
He would try the boat-house first, he thought.
Very warily he paddled up to the mouth of the creek, and was just passing under the bridge, when ...

I was naturally most occupied with the growing crowd of little people, and with the big open portals that yawned before me shadowy and mysterious.
My general impression of the world I saw over their heads was a tangled waste of beautiful bushes and flowers, a long neglected and yet weedless garden.
I saw a number of tall spikes of strange white flowers, measuring a foot perhaps across the spread of the waxen petals.
They grew scattered, as if wild, among the variegated shrubs, but, as I say, I did not examine them closely at this time.
The Time Machine was left deserted on the turf among the rhododendrons.
“The arch of the doorway was richly carved, but naturally I did not observe the carving very narrowly, though I fancied I saw suggestions of old Phœnician decorations as I passed through, and it struck me that they were very badly broken and weather-worn.
Several more brightly clad people met me in the doorway, and so we entered, I, dressed in dingy nineteenth-century garments, looking grotesque enough, garlanded with flowers, and surrounded by an eddying mass of bright, soft-coloured robes and shining white limbs, in a melodious whirl of laughter and laughing speech.
“The big doorway opened into a proportionately great hall hung with brown.
The roof was in shadow, and the windows, partially glazed with coloured glass and partially unglazed, admitted a tempered light.
The floor was made up of huge blocks of some very hard white metal, not plates nor slabs—blocks, and it was so much worn, as I judged by the going to and fro of past generations, as to be deeply channelled along the more frequented ways.
Transverse to the length were innumerable tables made of slabs of polished stone, raised, perhaps, a foot from the floor, and upon these were heaps of fruits.
Some I recognised as a kind of hypertrophied raspberry and orange, but for the most part they were strange.

Then I saw him scribble on a piece of paper, and I knew that he was writing me a note.
As I passed his pew on the way out I dropped my bouquet over to him, and he slipped the note into my hand when he returned me the flowers.
It was only a line asking me to join him when he made the sign to me to do so.
Of course I never doubted for a moment that my first duty was now to him, and I determined to do just whatever he might direct.
“When I got back I told my maid, who had known him in California, and had always been his friend.
I ordered her to say nothing, but to get a few things packed and my ulster ready.
I know I ought to have spoken to Lord St. Simon, but it was dreadful hard before his mother and all those great people.
I just made up my mind to run away and explain afterwards.
I hadn’t been at the table ten minutes before I saw Frank out of the window at the other side of the road.
He beckoned to me and then began walking into the Park.
I slipped out, put on my things, and followed him.
Some woman came talking something or other about Lord St.
Simon to me—seemed to me from the little I heard as if he had a little secret of his own before marriage also—but I managed to get away from her and soon overtook Frank.

All these came pelting down, like a shower of many-colored hailstones, upon the heads of grown people and children, who forthwith gathered them up, and carried them back to the palace.
But King Aegeus told them that they were welcome to the whole, and to twice as many more, if he had them, for the sake of his delight at finding his son, and losing the wicked Medea.
And, indeed, if you had seen how hateful was her last look, as the flaming chariot flew upward, you would not have wondered that both king and people should think her departure a good riddance.
And now Prince Theseus was taken into great favor by his royal father.
The old king was never weary of having him sit beside him on his throne (which was quite wide enough for two), and of hearing him tell about his dear mother, and his childhood, and his many boyish efforts to lift the ponderous stone.
Theseus, however, was much too brave and active a young man to be willing to spend all his time in relating things which had already happened.
His ambition was to perform other and more heroic deeds, which should be better worth telling in prose and verse.
Nor had he been long in Athens before he caught and chained a terrible mad bull, and made a public show of him, greatly to the wonder and admiration of good King Aegeus and his subjects.
But pretty soon, he undertook an affair that made all his foregone adventures seem like mere boy's play.
The occasion of it was as follows:
One morning, when Prince Theseus awoke, he fancied that he must have had a very sorrowful dream, and that it was still running in his mind, even now that his eyes were opened.
For it appeared as if the air was full of a melancholy wail; and when he listened more attentively, he could hear sobs, and groans, and screams of woe, mingled with deep, quiet sighs, which came from the king's palace, and from the streets, and from the temples, and from every habitation in the city.
And all these mournful noises, issuing out of thousands of separate hearts, united themselves into one great sound of affliction, which had startled Theseus from slumber.

Jo rescued his babies, and marched up and down, with one on each arm, as if already initiated into the mysteries of babytending, while Laurie laughed till the tears ran down his cheeks.
"It's the best joke of the season, isn't it?
I wouldn't have told you, for I set my heart on surprising you, and I flatter myself I've done it," said Jo, when she got her breath.
"I never was more staggered in my life.
Isn't it fun?
Are they boys?
What are you going to name them?
Let's have another look.
Hold me up, Jo, for upon my life it's one too many for me," returned Laurie, regarding the infants with the air of a big, benevolent Newfoundland looking at a pair of infantile kittens.
"Boy and girl.
Aren't they beauties?"
said the proud papa, beaming upon the little red squirmers as if they were unfledged angels.

Then he himself got his horse all ready for the journey, and he said good-bye to his father and mother; and his mother took her handkerchief and wrapped some sweetmeats in it, and gave it to her son.
"My child," she said to him, "When you are hungry eat some of these sweetmeats."
He then set out on his journey, and rode on and on till he came to a jungle in which were a tank and shady trees.
He bathed himself and his horse in the tank, and then sat down under a tree.
"Now," he said to himself, "I will eat some of the sweetmeats my mother gave me, and I will drink some water, and then I will continue my journey."
He opened his handkerchief, and took out a sweetmeat.
He found an ant in it.
He took out another.
There was an ant in that one too.
So he laid the two sweetmeats on the ground, and he took out another, and another, and another, until he had taken them all out; but in each he found an ant.
"Never mind," he said, "I won't eat the sweetmeats; the ants shall eat them."
Then the Ant-Raja came and stood before him and said, "You have been good to us.

He then crept into a big sack, which had been lying across the back of one of the cows.
"Put a big stone in or I'm afraid I shan't sink."
"Oh, that'll be all right," said Little Claus, but he put a big stone into the sack and gave it a push.
Plump!
and there lay Great Claus in the river.
He sank at once to the bottom.
"I'm afraid he won't find the cattle," said Little Claus.
Then he drove homeward with his herd.
Merry Stories and Funny Pictures 
When the children have been good,     That is, be it understood,     Good at meal-times, good at play,     Good all night and good all day 
They shall have the pretty things     Merry Christmas always brings.
Naughty, romping girls and boys     Tear their clothes and make a noise,     Spoil their pinafores and frocks,     And deserve no Christmas-box.
Such as these shall never look     At this pretty Picture-book.
Shock-headed Peter 
Just look at him!

Beth kept on, with only slight relapses into idleness or grieving.
All the little duties were faithfully done each day, and many of her sisters' also, for they were forgetful, and the house seemed like a clock whose pendulum was gone a-visiting.
When her heart got heavy with longings for Mother or fears for Father, she went away into a certain closet, hid her face in the folds of a dear old gown, and made her little moan and prayed her little prayer quietly by herself.
Nobody knew what cheered her up after a sober fit, but everyone felt how sweet and helpful Beth was, and fell into a way of going to her for comfort or advice in their small affairs.
All were unconscious that this experience was a test of character, and when the first excitement was over, felt that they had done well and deserved praise.
So they did, but their mistake was in ceasing to do well, and they learned this lesson through much anxiety and regret.
"Meg, I wish you'd go and see the Hummels.
You know Mother told us not to forget them."
said Beth, ten days after Mrs. March's departure.
"I'm too tired to go this afternoon," replied Meg, rocking comfortably as she sewed.
"Can't you, Jo?"
asked Beth.

"And such lovely weather, I'm so glad of that," added Beth, tidily sorting neck and hair ribbons in her best box, lent for the great occasion.
"I wish I was going to have a fine time and wear all these nice things," said Amy with her mouth full of pins, as she artistically replenished her sister's cushion.
"I wish you were all going, but as you can't, I shall keep my adventures to tell you when I come back.
I'm sure it's the least I can do when you have been so kind, lending me things and helping me get ready," said Meg, glancing round the room at the very simple outfit, which seemed nearly perfect in their eyes.
"What did Mother give you out of the treasure box?"
asked Amy, who had not been present at the opening of a certain cedar chest in which Mrs.
March kept a few relics of past splendor, as gifts for her girls when the proper time came.
"A pair of silk stockings, that pretty carved fan, and a lovely blue sash.
I wanted the violet silk, but there isn't time to make it over, so I must be contented with my old tarlaton."
"It will look nice over my new muslin skirt, and the sash will set it off beautifully.
I wish I hadn't smashed my coral bracelet, for you might have had it," said Jo, who loved to give and lend, but whose possessions were usually too dilapidated to be of much use.
"There is a lovely old-fashioned pearl set in the treasure chest, but Mother said real flowers were the prettiest ornament for a young girl, and Laurie promised to send me all I want," replied Meg.
"Now, let me see, there's my new gray walking suit, just curl up the feather in my hat, Beth, then my poplin for Sunday and the small party, it looks heavy for spring, doesn't it?

Fire Eater has sneezed and this is a sign that he feels sorry for you.
You are saved!”
For be it known, that, while other people, when sad and sorrowful, weep and wipe their eyes, Fire Eater, on the other hand, had the strange habit of sneezing each time he felt unhappy.
The way was just as good as any other to show the kindness of his heart.
After sneezing, Fire Eater, ugly as ever, cried to Pinocchio:
“Stop crying!
Your wails give me a funny feeling down here in my stomach and E tchee!
E tchee!” Two loud sneezes finished his speech.
“God bless you!” said Pinocchio.
“Thanks!
Are your father and mother still living?” demanded Fire Eater.
“My father, yes.
My mother I have never known.”
“Your poor father would suffer terribly if I were to use you as firewood.
Poor old man!

Then was Grania filled with foreboding, yet spake she no further, for sad and stern was her husband's voice, and in his eyes she read his gloom.
Now Finn, having reached the wood, sent forward his men, but when they came to the thickest part of the forest they beheld a fence which no man could break through or climb.
For Dermat had cleared a space round his hut and around the space had he built the strong fence.
Then the nobles climbed a high tree and from it did they look within the fence, and there they saw Dermat and with him a lady.
But for their love of Dermat did the nobles hide from Finn that they had seen his foe.
And one said to him, 'Far would it be from the mind of Dermat to await thee here, knowing as he does that his life is in peril.'
Then did Finn's wrath wax strong, and he replied, 'That Dermat hath thee for friend will avail him nought.
Was it not to warn him that your serving-man gave three shouts, and was it not to warn him that ye sent unto him my dog Bran?
Full well I know that Dermat is hid behind yonder strong fence.'
And Finn cried aloud, 'Which of us, Dermat, is it that speaketh truth?
Art thou behind the fence?'
'Thou, as ever, art right, O King,' cried Dermat.

But the time of his justification has now come.
His three whales are as good whales as were ever published in Wapping, at any rate; and his stump as unquestionable a stump as any you will find in the western clearings.
But, though for ever mounted on that stump, never a stump-speech does the poor whaleman make; but, with downcast eyes, stands ruefully contemplating his own amputation.
Throughout the Pacific, and also in Nantucket, and New Bedford, and Sag Harbor, you will come across lively sketches of whales and whaling-scenes, graven by the fishermen themselves on Sperm Whale-teeth, or ladies’ busks wrought out of the Right Whale-bone, and other like skrimshander articles, as the whalemen call the numerous little ingenious contrivances they elaborately carve out of the rough material, in their hours of ocean leisure.
Some of them have little boxes of dentistical-looking implements, specially intended for the skrimshandering business.
But, in general, they toil with their jack-knives alone; and, with that almost omnipotent tool of the sailor, they will turn you out anything you please, in the way of a mariner’s fancy.
Long exile from Christendom and civilization inevitably restores a man to that condition in which God placed him, i.e.
what is called savagery.
Your true whale-hunter is as much a savage as an Iroquois.
I myself am a savage, owning no allegiance but to the King of the Cannibals; and ready at any moment to rebel against him.
Now, one of the peculiar characteristics of the savage in his domestic hours, is his wonderful patience of industry.
An ancient Hawaiian war-club or spear-paddle, in its full multiplicity and elaboration of carving, is as great a trophy of human perseverance as a Latin lexicon.

I met a little cottage-girl:
    She was eight years old, she said;   Her hair was thick with many a curl     That clustered round her head.
She had a rustic, woodland air,     And she was wildly clad;   Her eyes were bright, and very fair 
    Her beauty made me glad.
"Sisters and brothers, little maid,     How many may you be?"
"How many?
Seven in all," she said,     And wond'ring looked at me.
"And where are they?
I pray you tell."
She answered, "Seven are we;   And two of us at Conway dwell,     And two are gone to sea.
"Two of us in the churchyard lie,     My sister and my brother;   And, in the churchyard cottage, I     Dwell near them with my mother."
"You say that two at Conway dwell,     And two are gone to sea,   Yet ye are seven?
I pray you tell,     Sweet maid, how this may be?"
Then did the little maid reply,     "Seven boys and girls are we;   Two of us in the churchyard lie,     Beneath the churchyard tree."

They were not only new trousers, but they were the first he had ever had with braid on them, and he had had to bite his lip to prevent the tears coming.
Of course Mrs.
Darling brushed him, but he began to talk again about its being a mistake to have a dog for a nurse.
“George, Nana is a treasure.”
“No doubt, but I have an uneasy feeling at times that she looks upon the children as puppies.”
“Oh no, dear one, I feel sure she knows they have souls.”
“I wonder,” Mr.
Darling said thoughtfully, “I wonder.” It was an opportunity, his wife felt, for telling him about the boy.
At first he pooh-poohed the story, but he became thoughtful when she showed him the shadow.
“It is nobody I know,” he said, examining it carefully, “but it does look a scoundrel.”
“We were still discussing it, you remember,” says Mr.
Darling, “when Nana came in with Michael's medicine.
You will never carry the bottle in your mouth again, Nana, and it is all my fault.”
Strong man though he was, there is no doubt that he had behaved rather foolishly over the medicine.
If he had a weakness, it was for thinking that all his life he had taken medicine boldly, and so now, when Michael dodged the spoon in Nana's mouth, he had said reprovingly, “Be a man, Michael.”
“Won't; won't!” Michael cried naughtily.
Mrs.
Darling left the room to get a chocolate for him, and Mr.

Still it was quite large enough to admit of his marrying, and he wished to marry.
It was certainly rather bold of him to say, as he did, to the emperor's daughter, "Will you have me?"
But he was renowned far and wide, and there were a hundred princesses who would have answered, "Yes," and, "Thank you kindly."
We shall see what this princess said.
Listen!
It happened that where the prince's father lay buried there grew a rose tree, a most beautiful rose tree, which blossomed only once in five years, and even then bore only one flower.
Ah, but that was a rose!
It smelled so sweet that all cares and sorrows were forgotten by those who inhaled its fragrance!
Moreover, the prince had a nightingale that could sing in such a manner that it seemed as if all sweet melodies dwelt in her little throat.
Now the princess was to have the rose and the nightingale; and they were accordingly put into large silver caskets and sent to her.
The emperor had them brought into a large hall, where the princess and the ladies of the court were playing at "Visiting."
When she saw the caskets with the presents, the princess clapped her hands for joy.

In fact, two persons came out on the road.
Can you guess who they were?...
His two traveling companions, the Fox and the Cat, with whom he had supped at the Inn of the Red-Crawfish.
"Why here is our dear Pinocchio!"
cried the Fox, kissing and embracing him.
"How come you to be here?"
"How come you to be here?"
repeated the Cat.
"It is a long story," answered the puppet, "which I will tell you when I have time.
But do you know that the other night, when you left me alone at the inn, I met with assassins on the road."
"Assassins!...
Oh, poor Pinocchio!

“Don't despond,” said Carton, very gently; “don't grieve.
I encouraged Doctor Manette in this idea, because I felt that it might one day be consolatory to her.
Otherwise, she might think 'his life was wantonly thrown away or wasted,' and that might trouble her.”
“Yes, yes, yes,” returned Mr. Lorry, drying his eyes, “you are right.
But he will perish; there is no real hope.”
“Yes.
He will perish: there is no real hope,” echoed Carton.
And walked with a settled step, down-stairs.
XII.
Darkness 
Sydney Carton paused in the street, not quite decided where to go.
“At Tellson's banking-house at nine,” he said, with a musing face.
“Shall I do well, in the mean time, to show myself?
I think so.
It is best that these people should know there is such a man as I here; it is a sound precaution, and may be a necessary preparation.

Gently tended shall she be, but the eye of man shall not behold her, and solitary shall she live as some unmated bird in distant wilderness.'
Then with one accord did the people cry, 'Wilt thou indeed be guardian to this child, knowing the ill that the Wise Man hath foretold?'
'Yea, truly will I be guardian to the child, and when she be a woman then shall she be my wedded wife.
And if with the maiden come sorrow, then be that sorrow upon me, and not upon the land.'
'What sayest thou, O Felim the Harper?'
cried the people.
'It were better to slay the child than to let that come which hath been foretold.'
'And what sayest thou, O Wise Man?'
'That which shall come, shall come.'
At the same moment there entered the hall a servant of Felim, and loudly did he proclaim that the girl-babe, who had been foretold, was born.
'Right beautiful and strong is the child, most fair to look upon.'
'And Deirdre shall her name be,' said the Wise Man, 'Deirdre the Star-eyed.'

Three men who had been drinking at the counter paid for their wine, and left.
An elderly gentleman, who had been sitting in a corner with a young lady, advanced, introduced himself as Mr. Jarvis Lorry, of Tellson's Bank, London, and begged the favour of a word.
The conference was very short, but very decided.
It had not lasted a minute, when Monsieur Defarge nodded and went out, followed by Mr. Lorry and the young lady.
He led them through a stinking little black courtyard, and up a staircase to a dim garret, where a white-haired man sat on a low bench, stooping and very busy, making shoes.
"You are still hard at work, I see," said Monsieur Defarge.
A pair of haggard eyes looked at the questioner, and a very faint voice replied, "Yes, I am working."
"Here is a visitor.
Show him that shoe and tell him the maker's name."
There was a long pause, and the shoemaker asked, "What did you say?"
Defarge repeated his words.
"It is a lady's shoe," answered the shoemaker.

But the sister and brothers stood holding each other's hands, and singing hymns.
In the early dawn the air became calm and still, and at sunrise the swans flew away from the rock, bearing their sister with them.
The sea was still rough, and from their great height the white foam on the dark-green waves looked like millions of swans swimming on the water.
As the sun rose higher, Eliza saw before her, floating in the air, a range of mountains with shining masses of ice on their summits.
In the center rose a castle that seemed a mile long, with rows of columns rising one above another, while around it palm trees waved and flowers as large as mill wheels bloomed.
She asked if this was the land to which they were hastening.
The swans shook their heads, for what she beheld were the beautiful, ever-changing cloud-palaces of the Fata Morgana, into which no mortal can enter.
Eliza was still gazing at the scene, when mountains, forests, and castles melted away, and twenty stately churches rose in their stead, with high towers and pointed Gothic windows.
She even fancied she could hear the tones of the organ, but it was the music of the murmuring sea.
As they drew nearer to the churches, these too were changed and became a fleet of ships, which seemed to be sailing beneath her; but when she looked again she saw only a sea mist gliding over the ocean.
One scene melted into another, until at last she saw the real land to which they were bound, with its blue mountains, its cedar forests, and its cities and palaces.
Long before the sun went down she was sitting on a rock in front of a large cave, the floor of which was overgrown with delicate green creeping plants, like an embroidered carpet.

Rikki-tikki-tck-tck!
Come then, Nagaina.
Come and fight with me.
You shall not be a widow long.”
Nagaina saw that she had lost her chance of killing Teddy, and the egg lay between Rikki-tikki’s paws.
“Give me the egg, Rikki-tikki.
Give me the last of my eggs, and I will go away and never come back,” she said, lowering her hood.
“Yes, you will go away, and you will never come back.
For you will go to the rubbish heap with Nag.
Fight, widow!
The big man has gone for his gun!
Fight!”
Rikki-tikki was bounding all round Nagaina, keeping just out of reach of her stroke, his little eyes like hot coals.
Nagaina gathered herself together and flung out at him.

Toodles'.
He was possessed with a mania for patronizing Yankee ingenuity, and seeing his friends fitly furnished forth.
So each week beheld some fresh absurdity.
Everything was done at last, even to Amy's arranging different colored soaps to match the different colored rooms, and Beth's setting the table for the first meal.
"Are you satisfied?
Does it seem like home, and do you feel as if you should be happy here?"
asked Mrs. March, as she and her daughter went through the new kingdom arm in arm, for just then they seemed to cling together more tenderly than ever.
"Yes, Mother, perfectly satisfied, thanks to you all, and so happy that I can't talk about it," with a look that was far better than words.
"If she only had a servant or two it would be all right," said Amy, coming out of the parlor, where she had been trying to decide whether the bronze Mercury looked best on the whatnot or the mantlepiece.
"Mother and I have talked that over, and I have made up my mind to try her way first.
There will be so little to do that with Lotty to run my errands and help me here and there, I shall only have enough work to keep me from getting lazy or homesick," answered Meg tranquilly.
"Sallie Moffat has four," began Amy.

"Didn't the girls laugh at the picture?"
asked Jo, who relished the scrape.
"Laugh?
Not one!
They sat still as mice, and Susie cried quarts, I know she did.
I didn't envy her then, for I felt that millions of carnelian rings wouldn't have made me happy after that.
I never, never should have got over such a agonizing mortification."
And Amy went on with her work, in the proud consciousness of virtue and the successful utterance of two long words in a breath.
"I saw something I liked this morning, and I meant to tell it at dinner, but I forgot," said Beth, putting Jo's topsy-turvy basket in order as she talked.
"When I went to get some oysters for Hannah, Mr.
Laurence was in the fish shop, but he didn't see me, for I kept behind the fish barrel, and he was busy with Mr. Cutter the fish-man.
A poor woman came in with a pail and a mop, and asked Mr. Cutter if he would let her do some scrubbing for a bit of fish, because she hadn't any dinner for her children, and had been disappointed of a day's work.
Mr. Cutter was in a hurry and said 'No', rather crossly, so she was going away, looking hungry and sorry, when Mr. Laurence hooked up a big fish with the crooked end of his cane and held it out to her.

After several relapses into business-absorption, Mr. Lorry had become the Doctor's friend, and the quiet street-corner was the sunny part of his life.
On this certain fine Sunday, Mr. Lorry walked towards Soho, early in the afternoon, for three reasons of habit.
Firstly, because, on fine Sundays, he often walked out, before dinner, with the Doctor and Lucie; secondly, because, on unfavourable Sundays, he was accustomed to be with them as the family friend, talking, reading, looking out of window, and generally getting through the day; thirdly, because he happened to have his own little shrewd doubts to solve, and knew how the ways of the Doctor's household pointed to that time as a likely time for solving them.
A quainter corner than the corner where the Doctor lived, was not to be found in London.
There was no way through it, and the front windows of the Doctor's lodgings commanded a pleasant little vista of street that had a congenial air of retirement on it.
There were few buildings then, north of the Oxford-road, and forest-trees flourished, and wild flowers grew, and the hawthorn blossomed, in the now vanished fields.
As a consequence, country airs circulated in Soho with vigorous freedom, instead of languishing into the parish like stray paupers without a settlement; and there was many a good south wall, not far off, on which the peaches ripened in their season.
The summer light struck into the corner brilliantly in the earlier part of the day; but, when the streets grew hot, the corner was in shadow, though not in shadow so remote but that you could see beyond it into a glare of brightness.
It was a cool spot, staid but cheerful, a wonderful place for echoes, and a very harbour from the raging streets.
There ought to have been a tranquil bark in such an anchorage, and there was.
The Doctor occupied two floors of a large stiff house, where several callings purported to be pursued by day, but whereof little was audible any day, and which was shunned by all of them at night.
In a building at the back, attainable by a courtyard where a plane-tree rustled its green leaves, church-organs claimed to be made, and silver to be chased, and likewise gold to be beaten by some mysterious giant who had a golden arm starting out of the wall of the front hall as if he had beaten himself precious, and menaced a similar conversion of all visitors.

Perhaps the unknown will come to it.” When the feast was announced, the youth went out to the forest, and called Iron John.
“What dost thou desire?”
asked he.
“That I may catch the King’s daughter’s golden apple.” “It is as safe as if thou hadst it already,” said Iron John.
“Thou shalt likewise have a suit of red armour for the occasion, and ride on a spirited chestnut-horse.” When the day came, the youth galloped to the spot, took his place amongst the knights, and was recognized by no one.
The King’s daughter came forward, and threw a golden apple to the knights, but none of them caught it but he, only as soon as he had it he galloped away.
On the second day Iron John equipped him as a white knight, and gave him a white horse.
Again he was the only one who caught the apple, and he did not linger an instant, but galloped off with it.
The King grew angry, and said, “That is not allowed; he must appear before me and tell his name.” He gave the order that if the knight who caught the apple, should go away again they should pursue him, and if he would not come back willingly, they were to cut him down and stab him.
On the third day, he received from Iron John a suit of black armour and a black horse, and again he caught the apple.
But when he was riding off with it, the King’s attendants pursued him, and one of them got so near him that he wounded the youth’s leg with the point of his sword.
The youth nevertheless escaped from them, but his horse leapt so violently that the helmet fell from the youth’s head, and they could see that he had golden hair.
They rode back and announced this to the King.

"I saw him at the party, and what you tell shows that he knows how to behave.
That was a nice little speech about the medicine Mother sent him."
"He meant the blanc mange, I suppose."
"How stupid you are, child!
He meant you, of course."
"Did he?"
And Jo opened her eyes as if it had never occurred to her before.
"I never saw such a girl!
You don't know a compliment when you get it," said Meg, with the air of a young lady who knew all about the matter.
"I think they are great nonsense, and I'll thank you not to be silly and spoil my fun.
Laurie's a nice boy and I like him, and I won't have any sentimental stuff about compliments and such rubbish.
We'll all be good to him because he hasn't got any mother, and he may come over and see us, mayn't he, Marmee?"

People came in crowds; there was a crush and a hurry, but no one was successful either on the first or second day.
They could all talk well enough when they were out in the street; but as soon as they came inside the palace gates, and saw the guard richly dressed in silver, and the lackeys in gold on the staircase, and the large illuminated saloons, then they were abashed; and when they stood before the throne on which the Princess was sitting, all they could do was to repeat the last word they had uttered, and to hear it again did not interest her very much.
It was just as if the people within were under a charm, and had fallen into a trance till they came out again into the street; for then oh, then they could chatter enough.
There was a whole row of them standing from the town-gates to the palace.
I was there myself to look,” said the Raven.
“They grew hungry and thirsty; but from the palace they got nothing whatever, not even a glass of water.
Some of the cleverest, it is true, had taken bread and butter with them:
but none shared it with his neighbor, for each thought, 'Let him look hungry, and then the Princess won't have him.
'”
“But Kay little Kay,” said Gerda, “when did he come?
Was he among the number?”
“Patience, patience; we are just come to him.
It was on the third day when a little personage without horse or equipage, came marching right boldly up to the palace; his eyes shone like yours, he had beautiful long hair, but his clothes were very shabby.”
“That was Kay,” cried Gerda, with a voice of delight.
“Oh, now I've found him!” and she clapped her hands for joy.
“He had a little knapsack at his back,” said the Raven.

It wasn't sure at first that it was very nice to be laughed at so much, but after a while it began to conclude that the papas and the mammas were just laughing at the joke of the whole thing.
When the old grandmother got up close, it thought it would do something extra to please her; or else the heat of the candle had dried it up so that it cracked without intending to.
Anyway, it tried to give a very broad grin, and all of a sudden it split its mouth from ear to ear."
"You didn't say it had any ears before," said the boy.
"No; it had them behind," said the papa; and the boy felt like giving him just one pound; but he thought it might stop the story, and so he let the papa go on.
"As soon as the grandmother saw it open its mouth that way she just gave one scream, 'My sakes!
It's comin' to life!'
And she threw up her arms, and she threw up her feet, and if the funniest papa hadn't been there to catch her, and if there hadn't been forty or fifty other sons and daughters, and grandsons and daughters, and great-grandsons and great-granddaughters, very likely she might have fallen.
As it was, they piled round her, and kept her up; but there were so many of them they jostled the pump, and the first thing the pumpkin-glory knew, it fell down and burst open; and the pig that the boys had plagued, and that had kept squealing all the time because it thought that the people had come out to feed it, knocked the loose board off its pen, and flew out and gobbled the pumpkin-glory up, candle and all, and that was the end of the proud little pumpkin-glory."
"And when the pig ate the candle it looked like the magician when he puts burning tow in his mouth," said the boy.
"Exactly," said the papa.
The children were both silent for a moment.

2.
What would you have done when he did not come back?
When Subha Datta started for the forest, he fully intended to come back the same evening; but as he was busy cutting down a tree, he suddenly had a feeling that he was no longer alone.
He looked up, and there, quite close to him, in a little clearing where the trees had been cut down by some other woodcutter, he saw four beautiful young girls looking like fairies in their thin summer dresses and with their long hair flowing down their backs, dancing round and round, holding each other's hands.
Subha Datta was so astonished at the sight that he let his axe fall, and the noise startled the dancers, who all four stood still and stared at him.
The woodcutter could not say a word, but just gazed and gazed at them, till one of them said to him: "Who are you, and what are you doing in the very depths of the forest where we have never before seen a man?"
"I am only a poor woodcutter," he replied, "come to get some wood to sell, so as to give my wife and children something to eat and some clothes to wear."
"That is a very stupid thing to do," said one of the girls.
"You can't get much money that way.
If you will only stop with us we will have your wife and children looked after for you much better than you can do it yourself."
3.
What would you have said if you had been the woodcutter?

Wolf (in the house).
Open the latch and walk in.
Little Red Riding-Hood.
Here I am, dear grandmother!
I am so glad the bad wolf did not get here first.
Are you so sick you must stay in bed?
See the nice butter and honey that mother sent you.
And see the pretty flowers I've brought you.
Wolf.
Thank you, my child.
Little Red Riding-Hood.
How rough your voice is, grandmother!

From that time forward, the whole shop, from the cash-box down to the pine-wood logs, formed their opinions from that of the cask.
They all had such confidence in him and treated him with so much respect that when, in the evening, the huckster read the criticisms on theatricals and art, they fancied it must all come from the cask.
After what he had seen, the goblin could no longer sit and listen quietly to the wisdom and understanding downstairs.
As soon as the evening light glimmered in the garret, he took courage, for it seemed to him that the rays of light were strong cables, drawing him up and obliging him to go and peep through the keyhole.
While there, a feeling of vastness came over him, such as we experience by the ever-moving sea when the storm breaks forth, and it brought tears into his eyes.
He did not himself know why he wept, yet a kind of pleasant feeling mingled with his tears.
"How wonderfully glorious it would be to sit with the student under such a tree!"
But that was out of the question; he must be content to look through the keyhole and be thankful for even that.
There he stood on the cold landing, with the autumn wind blowing down upon him through the trapdoor.
It was very cold, but the little creature did not really feel it till the light in the garret went out and the tones of music died away.
Then how he shivered and crept downstairs again to his warm corner, where he felt at home and comfortable!
And when Christmas came again and brought the dish of jam and the great lump of butter, he liked the huckster best of all.

"Oh!
I was on a branch above you," she answered, seeing that he now knew all about it.
"You looked so hungry, and I had plenty of food stored away.
You may have some whenever you wish.
It must have been dreadful in that cage."
Now Mr. Red Squirrel had loved his little friend ever since the first time he saw her on the rail fence, but he had never thought she would care for him a tired, discouraged fellow, who had passed such a sorrowful life in prison.
Yet when he heard her pitying words, and saw the light in her tender eyes, he wondered if he could win her for his wife.
"I shall never be able to do anything for you," said he.
"You are young and beautiful and know the forest ways.
I am a stranger and saddened by my hard life.
I wish I could help you."
"The Blue Jays!

'Calm, cool, and quiet', yes, I think I can promise that.
I've played the part of a prim young lady on the stage, and I'll try it off.
My powers are great, as you shall see, so be easy in your mind, my child."
Amy looked relieved, but naughty Jo took her at her word, for during the first call she sat with every limb gracefully composed, every fold correctly draped, calm as a summer sea, cool as a snowbank, and as silent as the sphinx.
In vain Mrs. Chester alluded to her 'charming novel', and the Misses Chester introduced parties, picnics, the opera, and the fashions.
Each and all were answered by a smile, a bow, and a demure "Yes" or "No" with the chill on.
In vain Amy telegraphed the word 'talk', tried to draw her out, and administered covert pokes with her foot.
Jo sat as if blandly unconscious of it all, with deportment like Maud's face, 'icily regular, splendidly null'.
"What a haughty, uninteresting creature that oldest Miss March is!"
was the unfortunately audible remark of one of the ladies, as the door closed upon their guests.
Jo laughed noiselessly all through the hall, but Amy looked disgusted at the failure of her instructions, and very naturally laid the blame upon Jo.
"How could you mistake me so?

Your Majesty will, of course, stay in London for the present?”
“Certainly.
You will find me at the Langham under the name of the Count Von Kramm.”
“Then I shall drop you a line to let you know how we progress.”
“Pray do so.
I shall be all anxiety.”
“Then, as to money?”
“You have carte blanche.”
“Absolutely?”
“I tell you that I would give one of the provinces of my kingdom to have that photograph.”
“And for present expenses?”
The King took a heavy chamois leather bag from under his cloak and laid it on the table.
“There are three hundred pounds in gold and seven hundred in notes,” he said.
Holmes scribbled a receipt upon a sheet of his note-book and handed it to him.
“And Mademoiselle’s address?” he asked.
“Is Briony Lodge, Serpentine Avenue, St. John’s Wood.”
Holmes took a note of it.
“One other question,” said he.
“Was the photograph a cabinet?”
“It was.”
“Then, good-night, your Majesty, and I trust that we shall soon have some good news for you.
And good-night, Watson,” he added, as the wheels of the royal brougham rolled down the street.
“If you will be good enough to call to-morrow afternoon at three o’clock I should like to chat this little matter over with you.”
II.
At three o’clock precisely I was at Baker Street, but Holmes had not yet returned.

The Partridge and the Fowler 
A FOWLER caught a Partridge and was about to kill it.
The Partridge earnestly begged him to spare his life, saying, “Pray, master, permit me to live and I will entice many Partridges to you in recompense for your mercy to me.” The Fowler replied, “I shall now with less scruple take your life, because you are willing to save it at the cost of betraying your friends and relations.”
The Flea and the Man 
A MAN, very much annoyed with a Flea, caught him at last, and said, “Who are you who dare to feed on my limbs, and to cost me so much trouble in catching you?” The Flea replied, “O my dear sir, pray spare my life, and destroy me not, for I cannot possibly do you much harm.” The Man, laughing, replied, “Now you shall certainly die by mine own hands, for no evil, whether it be small or large, ought to be tolerated.”
The Thieves and the Cock 
SOME THIEVES broke into a house and found nothing but a Cock, whom they stole, and got off as fast as they could.
Upon arriving at home they prepared to kill the Cock, who thus pleaded for his life: “Pray spare me; I am very serviceable to men.
I wake them up in the night to their work.” “That is the very reason why we must the more kill you,” they replied; “for when you wake your neighbors, you entirely put an end to our business.”
The safeguards of virtue are hateful to those with evil intentions.
The Dog and the Cook 
A RICH MAN gave a great feast, to which he invited many friends and acquaintances.
His Dog availed himself of the occasion to invite a stranger Dog, a friend of his, saying, “My master gives a feast, and there is always much food remaining; come and sup with me tonight.” The Dog thus invited went at the hour appointed, and seeing the preparations for so grand an entertainment, said in the joy of his heart, “How glad I am that I came!
I do not often get such a chance as this.
I will take care and eat enough to last me both today and tomorrow.” While he was congratulating himself and wagging his tail to convey his pleasure to his friend, the Cook saw him moving about among his dishes and, seizing him by his fore and hind paws, bundled him without ceremony out of the window.
He fell with force upon the ground and limped away, howling dreadfully.
His yelling soon attracted other street dogs, who came up to him and inquired how he had enjoyed his supper.
He replied, “Why, to tell you the truth, I drank so much wine that I remember nothing.
I do not know how I got out of the house.”
The Travelers and the Plane-Tree 
TWO TRAVELERS, worn out by the heat of the summer’s sun, laid themselves down at noon under the widespreading branches of a Plane-Tree.

The Fisherman and His Nets 
A FISHERMAN, engaged in his calling, made a very successful cast and captured a great haul of fish.
He managed by a skillful handling of his net to retain all the large fish and to draw them to the shore; but he could not prevent the smaller fish from falling back through the meshes of the net into the sea.
The Huntsman and the Fisherman 
A HUNTSMAN, returning with his dogs from the field, fell in by chance with a Fisherman who was bringing home a basket well laden with fish.
The Huntsman wished to have the fish, and their owner experienced an equal longing for the contents of the game-bag.
They quickly agreed to exchange the produce of their day’s sport.
Each was so well pleased with his bargain that they made for some time the same exchange day after day.
Finally a neighbor said to them, “If you go on in this way, you will soon destroy by frequent use the pleasure of your exchange, and each will again wish to retain the fruits of his own sport.”
Abstain and enjoy.
The Old Woman and the Wine-Jar 
AN OLD WOMAN found an empty jar which had lately been full of prime old wine and which still retained the fragrant smell of its former contents.
She greedily placed it several times to her nose, and drawing it backwards and forwards said, “O most delicious!
How nice must the Wine itself have been, when it leaves behind in the very vessel which contained it so sweet a perfume!”
The memory of a good deed lives.
The Fox and the Crow 
A CROW having stolen a bit of meat, perched in a tree and held it in her beak.
A Fox, seeing this, longed to possess the meat himself, and by a wily stratagem succeeded.

"I have been thinking it over for days.
You cannot look me in the face, Comrade Brown, and say that there is a single feature which would not be better away.
I mean in the paper, not in my face.
Every one of these punk pages must disappear.
Letters must be despatched at once, informing Julia Burdett Parslow and the others, and in particular B. Henderson Asher, who, on brief acquaintance, strikes me as an ideal candidate for a lethal chamber that, unless they cease their contributions instantly, we shall call up the police reserves.
Then we can begin to move."
Betty, like most of his acquaintances, seldom knew whether Smith was talking seriously or not.
She decided to assume, till he should dismiss the idea, that he meant what he said.
"But you can't!"
she exclaimed.
"With your kind cooperation, nothing easier.
You supply the mechanical work.

The King comforted her and said, “Leave thy bed-room door open this night, and my servants shall stand outside, and when he has fallen asleep shall go in, bind him, and take him on board a ship which shall carry him into the wide world.” The woman was satisfied with this; but the King’s armour-bearer, who had heard all, was friendly with the young lord, and informed him of the whole plot.
“I’ll put a screw into that business,”
said the little tailor.
At night he went to bed with his wife at the usual time, and when she thought that he had fallen asleep, she got up, opened the door, and then lay down again.
The little tailor, who was only pretending to be asleep, began to cry out in a clear voice, “Boy, make me the doublet and patch me the pantaloons, or I will rap the yard-measure over thine ears.
I smote seven at one blow.
I killed two giants, I brought away one unicorn and caught a wild boar, and am I to fear those who are standing outside the room.” When these men heard the tailor speaking thus, they were overcome by a great dread, and ran as if the wild huntsman were behind them, and none of them would venture anything further against him.
So the little tailor was a king and remained one, to the end of his life.
21 Cinderella 
The wife of a rich man fell sick, and as she felt that her end was drawing near, she called her only daughter to her bedside and said, “Dear child, be good and pious, and then the good God will always protect thee, and I will look down on thee from heaven and be near thee.” Thereupon she closed her eyes and departed.
Every day the maiden went out to her mother’s grave, and wept, and she remained pious and good.
When winter came the snow spread a white sheet over the grave, and when the spring sun had drawn it off again, the man had taken another wife.
The woman had brought two daughters into the house with her, who were beautiful and fair of face, but vile and black of heart.
Now began a bad time for the poor step-child.

Freddie thought the "small boy" and the "baby" ought to have presents sent to them also; so he was allowed to select a drum, which he was sure the boy "would like best of anything," and a pretty rattle and a rubber cow for the baby.
It was a very busy season of the year for the Pages as well as for other people, and Beth had many presents to think about, but she kept the little dresses and clothes for Lucy's doll in mind and worked and planned with a will all the time she could spare for them, and Mary, the seamstress, sewed and sewed, and as she knew how to cut dresses as well as make them, in about two weeks they had, as Beth said, "a lovely fit out," even to a tiny muff and collar made from some bits of fur mamma had and a sweet little hood made just like Beth's own.
Then Miss Doll was dressed in her travelling suit, muff and all, her other dresses and clothing packed in the little trunk, and she herself carefully tucked in on top, then Beth shut the cover and locked it, tying the key to one of the buckles of the side strap a box had been procured and into it was packed the trunk, the drum, and the presents for the baby, supplemented by Freddie with a ball which he had found among his own playthings and two cornucopias of candy which he had purchased himself, saying that "Christmas won't be Christmas if they don't have some candy."
Mrs.
Page "filled in the nooks and corners just to steady the whole," as she modestly said, with a pair of strong warm mittens for Mr. Tillage, some magazines and books, several pairs of long thick stockings which Freddie had outgrown but not worn out, and over the whole a beautiful warm shawl.
Then Beth and Fred composed a letter together which Beth wrote and they both signed:
    DEAR LUCY TILLAGE: The turkey brought the letter     safely to us and we wanted to be Santa Claus ourselves     and so send the doll and the other things for a     Christmas present to you and your brother and the baby.
We wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
BETH PAGE,                                              FRED PAGE.
This they neatly folded, put in an envelope addressed to Miss Lucy Tillage, Mad River Village, and placed on the shawl where it might be seen the moment the box was opened.
They felt very proud and happy when the box was finally nailed up and directed in clear printed letters to 
    GEORGE TILLAGE,       Intervale Farm,           Mad River Village,                New Hampshire.
Freddie insisted that Lucy's name ought to be put on, too, as she was the one who had written the letter and to whom the box was really sent; so "For Lucy" was printed across one corner and underlined that her father might see it was sent particularly to her.
It all seemed so mysterious, sending presents to people they did not know, and so delightful, that they thought this the best Christmas they had ever known and only wished that they could be in the little "black house"
when the box was opened, to see Lucy's face as she caught sight of the cunning trunk and then the doll which she had so longed for.

Let us now with whatever levers and steam-engines we have at hand, cant over the sperm whale’s head, that it may lie bottom up; then, ascending by a ladder to the summit, have a peep down the mouth; and were it not that the body is now completely separated from it, with a lantern we might descend into the great Kentucky Mammoth Cave of his stomach.
But let us hold on here by this tooth, and look about us where we are.
What a really beautiful and chaste-looking mouth!
from floor to ceiling, lined, or rather papered with a glistening white membrane, glossy as bridal satins.
But come out now, and look at this portentous lower jaw, which seems like the long narrow lid of an immense snuff-box, with the hinge at one end, instead of one side.
If you pry it up, so as to get it overhead, and expose its rows of teeth, it seems a terrific portcullis; and such, alas!
it proves to many a poor wight in the fishery, upon whom these spikes fall with impaling force.
But far more terrible is it to behold, when fathoms down in the sea, you see some sulky whale, floating there suspended, with his prodigious jaw, some fifteen feet long, hanging straight down at right-angles with his body, for all the world like a ship’s jib-boom.
This whale is not dead; he is only dispirited; out of sorts, perhaps; hypochondriac; and so supine, that the hinges of his jaw have relaxed, leaving him there in that ungainly sort of plight, a reproach to all his tribe, who must, no doubt, imprecate lock-jaws upon him.
In most cases this lower jaw—being easily unhinged by a practised artist—is disengaged and hoisted on deck for the purpose of extracting the ivory teeth, and furnishing a supply of that hard white whalebone with which the fishermen fashion all sorts of curious articles, including canes, umbrella-stocks, and handles to riding-whips.
With a long, weary hoist the jaw is dragged on board, as if it were an anchor; and when the proper time comes—some few days after the other work—Queequeg, Daggoo, and Tashtego, being all accomplished dentists, are set to drawing teeth.
With a keen cutting-spade, Queequeg lances the gums; then the jaw is lashed down to ringbolts, and a tackle being rigged from aloft, they drag out these teeth, as Michigan oxen drag stumps of old oaks out of wild wood lands.

Yes, indeed.
Look in this jug!
It is full of milk.
Mother will make us a pudding for supper.
Hänsel.
Goody, goody!
How thick the cream is!
Let me taste it.
Gretel.
Aren't you ashamed, you naughty boy!
Take your finger out of the cream.
We must go back to work.

"They have a strain of the Divinity," replied the poet.
"You can hear in them the far-off echo of a heavenly song.
But my life, dear Ernest, has not corresponded with my thought.
I have had grand dreams, but they have been only dreams, because I have lived and that, too, by my own choice among poor and mean realities.
Sometimes even shall I dare to say it?
I lack faith in the grandeur, the beauty, and the goodness, which my own words are said to have made more evident in nature and in human life.
Why, then, pure seeker of the good and true, shouldst thou hope to find me, in yonder image of the divine?"
The poet spoke sadly, and his eyes were dim with tears.
So, likewise, were those of Ernest.
At the hour of sunset, as had long been his frequent custom, Ernest was to discourse to an assemblage of the neighboring inhabitants in the open air.
He and the poet, arm in arm, still talking together as they went along, proceeded to the spot.
It was a small nook among the hills, with a gray precipice behind, the stern front of which was relieved by the pleasant foliage of many creeping plants that made a tapestry for the naked rock, by hanging their festoons from all its rugged angles.

Burdovsky next jumped up and explained that he had come in by accident, having escorted Hippolyte from town.
He murmured that he was glad he had “written nonsense” in his letter, and then pressed the prince’s hand warmly and sat down again.
The prince approached Evgenie Pavlovitch last of all.
The latter immediately took his arm.
“I have a couple of words to say to you,” he began, “and those on a very important matter; let’s go aside for a minute or two.”
“Just a couple of words!” whispered another voice in the prince’s other ear, and another hand took his other arm.
Muishkin turned, and to his great surprise observed a red, flushed face and a droll-looking figure which he recognized at once as that of Ferdishenko.
Goodness knows where he had turned up from!
“Do you remember Ferdishenko?” he asked.
“Where have you dropped from?” cried the prince.
“He is sorry for his sins now, prince,” cried Keller.
“He did not want to let you know he was here; he was hidden over there in the corner, but he repents now, he feels his guilt.”
“Why, what has he done?”
“I met him outside and brought him in he’s a gentleman who doesn’t often allow his friends to see him, of late but he’s sorry now.”
“Delighted, I’m sure!
I’ll come back directly, gentlemen, sit down there with the others, please, excuse me one moment,” said the host, getting away with difficulty in order to follow Evgenie.

Presently the cracked bell tapped and a voice gave the order to “cast off.” A minute or two later the skiff's head was standing high up, against the boat's swell, and the voyage was begun.
Tom felt happy in his success, for he knew it was the boat's last trip for the night.
At the end of a long twelve or fifteen minutes the wheels stopped, and Tom slipped overboard and swam ashore in the dusk, landing fifty yards downstream, out of danger of possible stragglers.
He flew along unfrequented alleys, and shortly found himself at his aunt's back fence.
He climbed over, approached the “ell,” and looked in at the sitting-room window, for a light was burning there.
There sat Aunt Polly, Sid, Mary, and Joe Harper's mother, grouped together, talking.
They were by the bed, and the bed was between them and the door.
Tom went to the door and began to softly lift the latch; then he pressed gently and the door yielded a crack; he continued pushing cautiously, and quaking every time it creaked, till he judged he might squeeze through on his knees; so he put his head through and began, warily.
“What makes the candle blow so?” said Aunt Polly.
Tom hurried up.
“Why, that door's open, I believe.
Why, of course it is.

Nothing could have been more convenient, for that very day happened to be Thursday.
"I rubbered around," said Pugsy, "an' done de sleut' act, an' it's this way.
Dere's a feller blows in every T'ursday 'bout six o'clock, an' den it's up to de folks to dig down inter deir jeans for de stuff, or out dey goes before supper.
I got dat from my kid frien' what knows a kid what lives dere.
An' say, he has it pretty fierce, dat kid.
De kid what lives dere.
He's a wop kid, an Italian, an' he's in bad 'cos his pa comes over from Italy to woik on de subway."
"I don't see why that puts him in bad," said John wonderingly.
"You don't construct your stories well, Pugsy.
You start at the end, then go back to any part which happens to appeal to you at the moment, and eventually wind up at the beginning.
Why is this kid in bad because his father has come to work on the subway?"
"Why, sure, because his pa got fired an' swatted de foreman one on de coco, an' dey gives him t'oity days.

"And there ain't a turkey as ever wore a feather that he could fool.
A minute more, and he'll spile the fun.
Dick," he commanded, "stop that racket, and sneak over here by me," beckoning mysteriously.
"Sh-h-h!
they are answerin' ag'in.
Down on your marrow-bones whilst I call."
Flattening himself upon the ground as nearly as he could, and creeping behind the undergrowth, Grandpa Dun made his way laboriously to the desired spot.
He had never excelled in calling turkeys, but he was a far better shot than Grandpa Davis.
Without demur the two old boys fell naturally into the rôle of former days.
Breathless and excited, they crouched there, waiting for the fateful moment.
Their nerves were tense, their eyes dilated, and their hearts beating like trip-hammers.
Grandpa Davis had continued to call, and now the answer was very near.

At half-past twelve, the table was laid in the small dining-room, and occasionally the general himself appeared at the family gathering, if he had time.
Besides tea and coffee, cheese, honey, butter, pan-cakes of various kinds (the lady of the house loved these best), cutlets, and so on, there was generally strong beef soup, and other substantial delicacies.
On the particular morning on which our story has opened, the family had assembled in the dining-room, and were waiting the general’s appearance, the latter having promised to come this day.
If he had been one moment late, he would have been sent for at once; but he turned up punctually.
As he came forward to wish his wife good-morning and kiss her hands, as his custom was, he observed something in her look which boded ill.
He thought he knew the reason, and had expected it, but still, he was not altogether comfortable.
His daughters advanced to kiss him, too, and though they did not look exactly angry, there was something strange in their expression as well.
The general was, owing to certain circumstances, a little inclined to be too suspicious at home, and needlessly nervous; but, as an experienced father and husband, he judged it better to take measures at once to protect himself from any dangers there might be in the air.
However, I hope I shall not interfere with the proper sequence of my narrative too much, if I diverge for a moment at this point, in order to explain the mutual relations between General Epanchin’s family and others acting a part in this history, at the time when we take up the thread of their destiny.
I have already stated that the general, though he was a man of lowly origin, and of poor education, was, for all that, an experienced and talented husband and father.
Among other things, he considered it undesirable to hurry his daughters to the matrimonial altar and to worry them too much with assurances of his paternal wishes for their happiness, as is the custom among parents of many grown-up daughters.
He even succeeded in ranging his wife on his side on this question, though he found the feat very difficult to accomplish, because unnatural; but the general’s arguments were conclusive, and founded upon obvious facts.

I’ve got backbone lumps myself, and they used to stick out as much as yours do, until I began to get fatter, and I am not fat enough yet to hide them.
There’s not a lump as big as a pin!
If you ever say there is again, I shall laugh!”
No one but Colin himself knew what effect those crossly spoken childish words had on him.
If he had ever had anyone to talk to about his secret terrors—if he had ever dared to let himself ask questions—if he had had childish companions and had not lain on his back in the huge closed house, breathing an atmosphere heavy with the fears of people who were most of them ignorant and tired of him, he would have found out that most of his fright and illness was created by himself.
But he had lain and thought of himself and his aches and weariness for hours and days and months and years.
And now that an angry unsympathetic little girl insisted obstinately that he was not as ill as he thought he was he actually felt as if she might be speaking the truth.
“I didn’t know,” ventured the nurse, “that he thought he had a lump on his spine.
His back is weak because he won’t try to sit up.
I could have told him there was no lump there.” Colin gulped and turned his face a little to look at her.
“C-could you?” he said pathetically.
“Yes, sir.”
“There!” said Mary, and she gulped too.
Colin turned on his face again and but for his long-drawn broken breaths, which were the dying down of his storm of sobbing, he lay still for a minute, though great tears streamed down his face and wet the pillow.

"I am so GLAD it was you who were my friend!"
There never were such friends as these two became.
Somehow, they seemed to suit each other in a wonderful way.
The Indian gentleman had never had a companion he liked quite as much as he liked Sara.
In a month's time he was, as Mr. Carmichael had prophesied he would be, a new man.
He was always amused and interested, and he began to find an actual pleasure in the possession of the wealth he had imagined that he loathed the burden of.
There were so many charming things to plan for Sara.
There was a little joke between them that he was a magician, and it was one of his pleasures to invent things to surprise her.
She found beautiful new flowers growing in her room, whimsical little gifts tucked under pillows, and once, as they sat together in the evening, they heard the scratch of a heavy paw on the door, and when Sara went to find out what it was, there stood a great dog a splendid Russian boarhound with a grand silver and gold collar bearing an inscription.
"I am Boris," it read; "I serve the Princess Sara."
There was nothing the Indian gentleman loved more than the recollection of the little princess in rags and tatters.
The afternoons in which the Large Family, or Ermengarde and Lottie, gathered to rejoice together were very delightful.

I cannot get used to it!”
“Really, madam,” said the Prince, “I wish you would leave off mentioning my nose.
It cannot matter to you what it is like.
I am quite satisfied with it, and have no wish to have it shorter.
One must take what is given one.”
“Now you are angry with me, my poor Hyacinth,” said the Fairy, “and I assure you that I didn’t mean to vex you; on the contrary, I wished to do you a service.
However, though I really cannot help your nose being a shock to me, I will try not to say anything about it.
I will even try to think that you have an ordinary nose.
To tell the truth, it would make three reasonable ones.”
The Prince, who was no longer hungry, grew so impatient at the Fairy’s continual remarks about his nose that at last he threw himself upon his horse and rode hastily away.
But wherever he came in his journeyings he thought the people were mad, for they all talked of his nose, and yet he could not bring himself to admit that it was too long, he had been so used all his life to hear it called handsome.
The old Fairy, who wished to make him happy, at last hit upon a plan.
She shut the Dear Little Princess up in a palace of crystal, and put this palace down where the Prince would not fail to find it.
His joy at seeing the Princess again was extreme, and he set to work with all his might to try to break her prison; but in spite of all his efforts he failed utterly.
In despair he thought at least that he would try to get near enough to speak to the Dear Little Princess, who, on her part, stretched out her hand that he might kiss it; but turn which way he might, he never could raise it to his lips, for his long nose always prevented it.

IV.
Coningsby's Political Faith 
Lord Monmouth banished the Princess Colonna from his presence, and married Lucretia.
Coningsby returned to Cambridge, and continued to enjoy his grandfather's hospitality whenever Lord Monmouth was in London.
Mr. Millbank had, in the meantime, become a member of parliament, having defeated Mr. Rigby in the contest for the representation of Dartford.
In the year 1840 a general election was imminent, and Lord Monmouth returned to London.
He was weary of Paris; every day he found it more difficult to be amused.
Lucretia had lost her charm: they had been married nearly three years.
The marquess, from whom nothing could be concealed, perceived that often, while she elaborately attempted to divert him, her mind was wandering elsewhere.
He fell into the easy habit of dining in his private rooms, sometimes tête-à-tête with Villebecque, his private secretary, a cosmopolitan theatrical manager, whose tales and adventures about a kind of society which Lord Monmouth had always preferred to the polished and somewhat insipid circles in which he was born, had rendered him the prime favourite of his great patron.
Villebecque's step-daughter Flora, a modest and retiring maiden, waited on Lucretia.
Back in London, Lord Monmouth, on the day of his arrival, welcomed Coningsby to his room, and at a sign from his master Villebecque left the apartment.
"You see, Harry," said Lord Monmouth, "that I am much occupied to-day, yet the business on which I wish to communicate with you is so pressing that it could not be postponed.

The hated whale has the round watery world to swim in, as the small gold-fish has its glassy globe.
His heaven-insulting purpose, God may wedge aside.
I would up heart, were it not like lead.
But my whole clock’s run down; my heart the all-controlling weight, I have no key to lift again.
[A burst of revelry from the forecastle.]
Oh, God!
to sail with such a heathen crew that have small touch of human mothers in them!
Whelped somewhere by the sharkish sea.
The white whale is their demigorgon.
Hark!
the infernal orgies!
that revelry is forward!

‘Well,’ he said at last, slowly, ‘I SEE it right enough.
Seen the same sort of thing before, lots of times.
Familiar object, I call it.
A door-scraper!
Well, what of it?
Why dance jigs around a door-scraper?’
‘But don’t you see what it MEANS, you you dull-witted animal?’ cried the Rat impatiently.
‘Of course I see what it means,’ replied the Mole.
‘It simply means that some VERY careless and forgetful person has left his door-scraper lying about in the middle of the Wild Wood, JUST where it’s SURE to trip EVERYBODY up.
Very thoughtless of him, I call it.
When I get home I shall go and complain about it to to somebody or other, see if I don’t!’
‘O, dear!
O, dear!’ cried the Rat, in despair at his obtuseness.
‘Here, stop arguing and come and scrape!’ And he set to work again and made the snow fly in all directions around him.

But you are not like me... you give lessons... you support your mother.
I said you had dishonoured your mother, but you love her.
She says so herself...
I did not know... Gavrila Ardalionovitch did not tell me that... Forgive me!
I dared to offer you ten thousand roubles, but I was wrong.
I ought to have done it differently, and now... there is no way of doing it, for you despise me...”
“I declare, this is a lunatic asylum!” cried Lizabetha Prokofievna.
“Of course it is a lunatic asylum!” repeated Aglaya sharply, but her words were overpowered by other voices.
Everybody was talking loudly, making remarks and comments; some discussed the affair gravely, others laughed.
Ivan Fedorovitch Epanchin was extremely indignant.
He stood waiting for his wife with an air of offended dignity.
Lebedeff’s nephew took up the word again.
“Well, prince, to do you justice, you certainly know how to make the most of your let us call it infirmity, for the sake of politeness; you have set about offering your money and friendship in such a way that no self-respecting man could possibly accept them.

"She is growing better, I am sure of it, my dear.
Don't despond, but hope and keep happy," said Mrs. March, as tenderhearted Daisy stooped from her knee to lay her rosy cheek against her little cousin's pale one.
"I never ought to, while I have you to cheer me up, Marmee, and Laurie to take more than half of every burden," replied Amy warmly.
"He never lets me see his anxiety, but is so sweet and patient with me, so devoted to Beth, and such a stay and comfort to me always that I can't love him enough.
So, in spite of my one cross, I can say with Meg, 'Thank God, I'm a happy woman.'"
"There's no need for me to say it, for everyone can see that I'm far happier than I deserve," added Jo, glancing from her good husband to her chubby children, tumbling on the grass beside her.
"Fritz is getting gray and stout.
I'm growing as thin as a shadow, and am thirty.
We never shall be rich, and Plumfield may burn up any night, for that incorrigible Tommy Bangs will smoke sweet-fern cigars under the bed-clothes, though he's set himself afire three times already.
But in spite of these unromantic facts, I have nothing to complain of, and never was so jolly in my life.
Excuse the remark, but living among boys, I can't help using their expressions now and then."
"Yes, Jo, I think your harvest will be a good one," began Mrs. March, frightening away a big black cricket that was staring Teddy out of countenance.

How provoking that they should have sent us the first invitation.
If we had only thought of waiting till we could hear from Mrs. St.
Leonard!"
"For shame, Caroline," said her brother, "how can you talk so of persons you have never seen, and to whom you ought to feel grateful for the kindness of their invitation; even if it has interfered with another party, that I must confess seems to offer unusual attractions.
Now I have a presentiment that we shall find the Watkinson part of the evening very enjoyable."
As soon as tea was over, Mrs. Morland and her daughter repaired to their toilettes.
Fortunately, fashion as well as good taste, has decided that, at a summer party, the costume of the ladies should never go beyond an elegant simplicity.
Therefore our two ladies in preparing for their intended appearance at Mrs. St. Leonard's, were enabled to attire themselves in a manner that would not seem out of place in the smaller company they expected to meet at the Watkinsons.
Over an under-dress of lawn, Caroline Morland put on a white organdy trimmed with lace, and decorated with bows of pink ribbon.
At the back of her head was a wreath of fresh and beautiful pink flowers, tied with a similar ribbon.
Mrs. Morland wore a black grenadine over a satin, and a lace cap trimmed with white.
It was but a quarter past nine o'clock when their carriage stopped at the Watkinson door.

Poor Jo blushed till she couldn't blush any redder, and her heart began to beat uncomfortably fast as she thought what she had said.
For a minute a wild desire to run away possessed her, but that was cowardly, and the girls would laugh at her, so she resolved to stay and get out of the scrape as she could.
A second look showed her that the living eyes, under the bushy eyebrows, were kinder even than the painted ones, and there was a sly twinkle in them, which lessened her fear a good deal.
The gruff voice was gruffer than ever, as the old gentleman said abruptly, after the dreadful pause, "So you're not afraid of me, hey?"
"Not much, sir."
"And you don't think me as handsome as your grandfather?"
"Not quite, sir."
"And I've got a tremendous will, have I?"
"I only said I thought so."
"But you like me in spite of it?"
"Yes, I do, sir."
That answer pleased the old gentleman.

Mr. Gradgrind, now member of parliament for Coketown, mentioned the matter to his daughter.
"Louisa, my dear, you are the subject of a proposal of marriage that has been made to me."
He waited, as if he would have been glad that she said something.
Strange to relate Mr. Gradgrind was not so collected at this moment as his daughter was.
"I have undertaken to let you know that in short, that Mr. Bounderby has long hoped that the time might arrive when he should offer you his hand in marriage.
That time has now come, and Mr. Bounderby has made his proposal to me, and has entreated me to make it known to you."
"Father," said Louisa, "do you think I love Mr.
Bounderby?"
Mr. Gradgrind was extremely discomforted by this unexpected question.
"Well, my child," he returned, "I really cannot take upon myself to say."
"Father," pursued Louisa, in exactly the same voice as before, "do you ask me to love Mr.
Bounderby?"

“Say it again, Tom.”
“The money's in the cave!”
“Tom honest injun, now is it fun, or earnest?”
“Earnest, Huck just as earnest as ever I was in my life.
Will you go in there with me and help get it out?”
“I bet I will!
I will if it's where we can blaze our way to it and not get lost.”
“Huck, we can do that without the least little bit of trouble in the world.”
“Good as wheat!
What makes you think the money's ”
“Huck, you just wait till we get in there.
If we don't find it I'll agree to give you my drum and every thing I've got in the world.
I will, by jings.”
“All right it's a whiz.
When do you say?”
“Right now, if you say it.
Are you strong enough?”
“Is it far in the cave?
I ben on my pins a little, three or four days, now, but I can't walk more'n a mile, Tom least I don't think I could.”
“It's about five mile into there the way anybody but me would go, Huck, but there's a mighty short cut that they don't anybody but me know about.
Huck, I'll take you right to it in a skiff.
I'll float the skiff down there, and I'll pull it back again all by myself.
You needn't ever turn your hand over.”
“Less start right off, Tom.”
“All right.

she gasped.
"Ain't yer goin' to tell the missus?"
"No," cried out Sara.
"Of course I'm not."
The woeful fright in the coal-smutted face made her suddenly so sorry that she could scarcely bear it.
One of her queer thoughts rushed into her mind.
She put her hand against Becky's cheek.
"Why," she said, "we are just the same I am only a little girl like you.
It's just an accident that I am not you, and you are not me!"
Becky did not understand in the least.
Her mind could not grasp such amazing thoughts, and "an accident" meant to her a calamity in which some one was run over or fell off a ladder and was carried to "the 'orspital."
"A' accident, miss," she fluttered respectfully.

The prince wants to go to sleep, Lukian Timofeyovitch, so you may just go away again.”
“One moment, my dear prince, just one.
I must absolutely speak to you about something which is most grave,” said Lebedeff, mysteriously and solemnly, entering the room with a bow and looking extremely important.
He had but just returned, and carried his hat in his hand.
He looked preoccupied and most unusually dignified.
The prince begged him to take a chair.
“I hear you have called twice; I suppose you are still worried about yesterday’s affair.”
“What, about that boy, you mean?
Oh dear no, yesterday my ideas were a little well mixed.
Today, I assure you, I shall not oppose in the slightest degree any suggestions it may please you to make.”
“What’s up with you this morning, Lebedeff?
You look so important and dignified, and you choose your words so carefully,” said the prince, smiling.
“Nicolai Ardalionovitch!” said Lebedeff, in a most amiable tone of voice, addressing the boy.
“As I have a communication to make to the prince which concerns only myself ”
“Of course, of course, not my affair.
All right,” said Colia, and away he went.

Defarge was produced, when the court was quiet enough to admit of his being heard, and rapidly expounded the story of the imprisonment, and of his having been a mere boy in the Doctor's service, and of the release, and of the state of the prisoner when released and delivered to him.
This short examination followed, for the court was quick with its work.
“You did good service at the taking of the Bastille, citizen?”
“I believe so.”
Here, an excited woman screeched from the crowd: “You were one of the best patriots there.
Why not say so?
You were a cannonier that day there, and you were among the first to enter the accursed fortress when it fell.
Patriots, I speak the truth!”
It was The Vengeance who, amidst the warm commendations of the audience, thus assisted the proceedings.
The President rang his bell; but, The Vengeance, warming with encouragement, shrieked, “I defy that bell!”
 wherein she was likewise much commended.
“Inform the Tribunal of what you did that day within the Bastille, citizen.”
“I knew,” said Defarge, looking down at his wife, who stood at the bottom of the steps on which he was raised, looking steadily up at him; “I knew that this prisoner, of whom I speak, had been confined in a cell known as One Hundred and Five, North Tower.
I knew it from himself.
He knew himself by no other name than One Hundred and Five, North Tower, when he made shoes under my care.
As I serve my gun that day, I resolve, when the place shall fall, to examine that cell.
It falls.

Sheets and braces!
now my hearties!”
“Aye-aye, sir!”
“Hellum-a-lee hard a port!
Stand by to meet her when she comes!
Port, port!
Now, men!
With a will!
Stead-y-y-y!”
“Steady it is, sir!”
The raft drew beyond the middle of the river; the boys pointed her head right, and then lay on their oars.
The river was not high, so there was not more than a two or three mile current.
Hardly a word was said during the next three-quarters of an hour.
Now the raft was passing before the distant town.
Two or three glimmering lights showed where it lay, peacefully sleeping, beyond the vague vast sweep of star-gemmed water, unconscious of the tremendous event that was happening.
The Black Avenger stood still with folded arms, “looking his last” upon the scene of his former joys and his later sufferings, and wishing “she” could see him now, abroad on the wild sea, facing peril and death with dauntless heart, going to his doom with a grim smile on his lips.

I ” He was about to say more, but stopped in despair.
The prince rose again, as if he would leave.
“At all events, I shall not interfere with you!” he murmured, as though making answer to some secret thought of his own.
“I’ll tell you what!” cried Rogojin, and his eyes flashed fire.
“I can’t understand your yielding her to me like this; I don’t understand it.
Have you given up loving her altogether?
At first you suffered badly I know it I saw it.
Besides, why did you come post-haste after us?
Out of pity, eh?
He, he, he!” His mouth curved in a mocking smile.
“Do you think I am deceiving you?” asked the prince.
“No!

Now, as Becky was passing by the desk, which stood near the door, she noticed that the key was in the lock!
It was a precious moment.
She glanced around; found herself alone, and the next instant she had the book in her hands.
The titlepage Professor Somebody's Anatomy carried no information to her mind; so she began to turn the leaves.
She came at once upon a handsomely engraved and colored frontispiece a human figure, stark naked.
At that moment a shadow fell on the page and Tom Sawyer stepped in at the door and caught a glimpse of the picture.
Becky snatched at the book to close it, and had the hard luck to tear the pictured page half down the middle.
She thrust the volume into the desk, turned the key, and burst out crying with shame and vexation.
“Tom Sawyer, you are just as mean as you can be, to sneak up on a person and look at what they're looking at.”
“How could I know you was looking at anything?”
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Tom Sawyer; you know you're going to tell on me, and oh, what shall I do, what shall I do!
I'll be whipped, and I never was whipped in school.”
Then she stamped her little foot and said:
“Be so mean if you want to!
I know something that's going to happen.
You just wait and you'll see!

THE ROSE-TREE 
There was once upon a time a good man who had two children: a girl by a first wife, and a boy by the second.
The girl was as white as milk, and her lips were like cherries.
Her hair was like golden silk, and it hung to the ground.
Her brother loved her dearly, but her wicked stepmother hated her.
“Child,” said the stepmother one day, “go to the grocer's shop and buy me a pound of candles.” She gave her the money; and the little girl went, bought the candles, and started on her return.
There was a stile to cross.
She put down the candles whilst she got over the stile.
Up came a dog and ran off with the candles.
She went back to the grocer's, and she got a second bunch.
She came to the stile, set down the candles, and proceeded to climb over.
Up came the dog and ran off with the candles.
She went again to the grocer's, and she got a third bunch; and just the same happened.

He wanted her to sign a paper, so that whether she married or not, he could use her money.
When she wouldn’t do it, he kept on worrying her until she got brain-fever, and for six weeks was at death’s door.
Then she got better at last, all worn to a shadow, and with her beautiful hair cut off; but that didn’t make no change in her young man, and he stuck to her as true as man could be.”
“Ah,” said Holmes, “I think that what you have been good enough to tell us makes the matter fairly clear, and that I can deduce all that remains.
Mr. Rucastle then, I presume, took to this system of imprisonment?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And brought Miss Hunter down from London in order to get rid of the disagreeable persistence of Mr. Fowler.”
“That was it, sir.”
“But Mr. Fowler being a persevering man, as a good seaman should be, blockaded the house, and having met you succeeded by certain arguments, metallic or otherwise, in convincing you that your interests were the same as his.”
“Mr.
Fowler was a very kind-spoken, free-handed gentleman,” said Mrs.
Toller serenely.
“And in this way he managed that your good man should have no want of drink, and that a ladder should be ready at the moment when your master had gone out.”
“You have it, sir, just as it happened.”
“I am sure we owe you an apology, Mrs. Toller,” said Holmes, “for you have certainly cleared up everything which puzzled us.
And here comes the country surgeon and Mrs. Rucastle, so I think, Watson, that we had best escort Miss Hunter back to Winchester, as it seems to me that our locus standi now is rather a questionable one.”
And thus was solved the mystery of the sinister house with the copper beeches in front of the door.
Mr. Rucastle survived, but was always a broken man, kept alive solely through the care of his devoted wife.
They still live with their old servants, who probably know so much of Rucastle’s past life that he finds it difficult to part from them.
Mr.
Fowler and Miss Rucastle were married, by special license, in Southampton the day after their flight, and he is now the holder of a government appointment in the island of Mauritius.
As to Miss Violet Hunter, my friend Holmes, rather to my disappointment, manifested no further interest in her when once she had ceased to be the centre of one of his problems, and she is now the head of a private school at Walsall, where I believe that she has met with considerable success.
PETER PAN 

Chapter 1 PETER BREAKS THROUGH 
All children, except one, grow up.

‘On the contrary, I faithfully promise that the very first motor-car I see, poop-poop!
off I go in it!’
‘Told you so, didn’t I?’ observed the Rat to the Mole.
‘Very well, then,’ said the Badger firmly, rising to his feet.
‘Since you won’t yield to persuasion, we’ll try what force can do.
I feared it would come to this all along.
You’ve often asked us three to come and stay with you, Toad, in this handsome house of yours; well, now we’re going to.
When we’ve converted you to a proper point of view we may quit, but not before.
Take him upstairs, you two, and lock him up in his bedroom, while we arrange matters between ourselves.’
‘It’s for your own good, Toady, you know,’ said the Rat kindly, as Toad, kicking and struggling, was hauled up the stairs by his two faithful friends.
‘Think what fun we shall all have together, just as we used to, when you’ve quite got over this this painful attack of yours!’
‘We’ll take great care of everything for you till you’re well, Toad,’
said the Mole; ‘and we’ll see your money isn’t wasted, as it has been.’
‘No more of those regrettable incidents with the police, Toad,’ said the Rat, as they thrust him into his bedroom.
‘And no more weeks in hospital, being ordered about by female nurses, Toad,’ added the Mole, turning the key on him.
They descended the stair, Toad shouting abuse at them through the keyhole; and the three friends then met in conference on the situation.
‘It’s going to be a tedious business,’ said the Badger, sighing.

He watched his opportunity of taking Darnay aside into a window, and of speaking to him when no one overheard.
“Mr.
Darnay,” said Carton, “I wish we might be friends.”
“We are already friends, I hope.”
“You are good enough to say so, as a fashion of speech; but, I don't mean any fashion of speech.
Indeed, when I say I wish we might be friends, I scarcely mean quite that, either.”
Charles Darnay as was natural asked him, in all good-humour and good-fellowship, what he did mean?
“Upon my life,” said Carton, smiling, “I find that easier to comprehend in my own mind, than to convey to yours.
However, let me try.
You remember a certain famous occasion when I was more drunk than than usual?”
“I remember a certain famous occasion when you forced me to confess that you had been drinking.”
“I remember it too.
The curse of those occasions is heavy upon me, for I always remember them.
I hope it may be taken into account one day, when all days are at an end for me!
Don't be alarmed; I am not going to preach.”
“I am not at all alarmed.
Earnestness in you, is anything but alarming to me.”
“Ah!” said Carton, with a careless wave of his hand, as if he waved that away.
“On the drunken occasion in question (one of a large number, as you know), I was insufferable about liking you, and not liking you.

"You come rather sharply," said the soldier.
"As you whistle so I come," answered the eagle.
So he asked her if she knew any means by which he could get away from the world in which they were.
"You can't get away from here unless you can fly," said the eagle, "but if you will slaughter twelve oxen for me, so that I can have a really good meal, I will try and help you.
Have you got a knife?"
"No, but I have a sword," he said.
When the eagle had swallowed the twelve oxen she asked the soldier to kill one more for victuals on the journey.
"Every time I gape you must be quick and fling a piece into my mouth," she said, "else I shall not be able to carry you up to earth."
He did as she asked him and hung two large bags of meat round her neck and seated himself among her feathers.
The eagle then began to flap her wings and off they went through the air like the wind.
It was as much as the soldier could do to hold on, and it was with the greatest difficulty he managed to throw the pieces of flesh into the eagle's mouth every time she opened it.
At last the day began to dawn, and the eagle was then almost exhausted and began flapping with her wings, but the soldier was prepared and seized the last hind quarter and flung it to her.

“The idea that it is not worth while living for a few weeks took possession of me a month ago, when I was told that I had four weeks to live, but only partially so at that time.
The idea quite overmastered me three days since, that evening at Pavlofsk.
The first time that I felt really impressed with this thought was on the terrace at the prince’s, at the very moment when I had taken it into my head to make a last trial of life.
I wanted to see people and trees (I believe I said so myself), I got excited, I maintained Burdovsky’s rights, ‘my neighbour!’ I dreamt that one and all would open their arms, and embrace me, that there would be an indescribable exchange of forgiveness between us all!
In a word, I behaved like a fool, and then, at that very same instant, I felt my ‘last conviction.’ I ask myself now how I could have waited six months for that conviction!
I knew that I had a disease that spares no one, and I really had no illusions; but the more I realized my condition, the more I clung to life; I wanted to live at any price.
I confess I might well have resented that blind, deaf fate, which, with no apparent reason, seemed to have decided to crush me like a fly; but why did I not stop at resentment?
Why did I begin to live, knowing that it was not worthwhile to begin?
Why did I attempt to do what I knew to be an impossibility?
And yet I could not even read a book to the end; I had given up reading.
What is the good of reading, what is the good of learning anything, for just six months?
That thought has made me throw aside a book more than once.

"And the Man in the Moon," sighed the Raggedy Man,       "Gits!
So!
Sullonesome, you know!
Up there by himself since creation began!
That when I call on him and then come away,   He grabs me and holds me and begs me to stay, 
  Till well, if it wasn't for Jimmy-cum-Jim,       Dadd!
Limb!
I'd go pardners with him!
Jes' jump my bob here and be pardners with him!"
JAMES WHITCOMB RILEY 
(From "The Raggedy Man," copyright 1907.
Used by special permission of the publishers, The Bobbs-Merrill Company.)
SAGE COUNSEL 
  The lion is the beast to fight,     He leaps along the plain,   And if you run with all your might,     He runs with all his mane.
I'm glad I'm not a Hottentot,       But if I were, with outward cal-lum       I'd either faint upon the spot       Or hie me up a leafy pal-lum.

do you love her?
is she" her voice dropped suddenly "is she real, Mark?"
"Real, Snow-white?
Why, see her walk!
Did you think I wound her up?
She's too big; and besides, I haven't been near her."
The child brushed these remarks aside with a wave.
"Does she stay all the time a cow?"
she whispered, putting her mouth close to the dwarf's ear.
"Or does she turn at night into a princess?"
She drew back and pointed a stern finger at him.
"Tell me the troof, Mark!"

For no other reason than to vex their mother none none!”
But Lizabetha Prokofievna felt somewhat consoled when she could say that one of her girls, Adelaida, was settled at last.
“It will be one off our hands!” she declared aloud, though in private she expressed herself with greater tenderness.
The engagement was both happy and suitable, and was therefore approved in society.
Prince S. was a distinguished man, he had money, and his future wife was devoted to him; what more could be desired?
Lizabetha Prokofievna had felt less anxious about this daughter, however, although she considered her artistic tastes suspicious.
But to make up for them she was, as her mother expressed it, “merry,” and had plenty of “common-sense.” It was Aglaya’s future which disturbed her most.
With regard to her eldest daughter, Alexandra, the mother never quite knew whether there was cause for anxiety or not.
Sometimes she felt as if there was nothing to be expected from her.
She was twenty-five now, and must be fated to be an old maid, and “with such beauty, too!” The mother spent whole nights in weeping and lamenting, while all the time the cause of her grief slumbered peacefully.
“What is the matter with her?
Is she a Nihilist, or simply a fool?”
But Lizabetha Prokofievna knew perfectly well how unnecessary was the last question.
She set a high value on Alexandra Ivanovna’s judgment, and often consulted her in difficulties; but that she was a ‘wet hen’ she never for a moment doubted.

Well, when this terrible feeling came over him, the priest quickly pressed the cross to his lips, without a word a little silver cross it was and he kept on pressing it to the man’s lips every second.
And whenever the cross touched his lips, the eyes would open for a moment, and the legs moved once, and he kissed the cross greedily, hurriedly just as though he were anxious to catch hold of something in case of its being useful to him afterwards, though he could hardly have had any connected religious thoughts at the time.
And so up to the very block.
“How strange that criminals seldom swoon at such a moment!
On the contrary, the brain is especially active, and works incessantly probably hard, hard, hard like an engine at full pressure.
I imagine that various thoughts must beat loud and fast through his head all unfinished ones, and strange, funny thoughts, very likely!
like this, for instance: ‘That man is looking at me, and he has a wart on his forehead!
and the executioner has burst one of his buttons, and the lowest one is all rusty!’ And meanwhile he notices and remembers everything.
There is one point that cannot be forgotten, round which everything else dances and turns about; and because of this point he cannot faint, and this lasts until the very final quarter of a second, when the wretched neck is on the block and the victim listens and waits and knows that’s the point, he knows that he is just now about to die, and listens for the rasp of the iron over his head.
If I lay there, I should certainly listen for that grating sound, and hear it, too!
There would probably be but the tenth part of an instant left to hear it in, but one would certainly hear it.
And imagine, some people declare that when the head flies off it is conscious of having flown off!

"Well, den, zit still and pehabe yourself, or I'll rap you again mid me vist.
It iz te shicken ab te wing, und te owl ab te wing, und te imp ab te wing, und te head-teuffel ab te wing.
Te angel ab not te wing, and I am te Angel ov te Odd."
"And your business with me at present is is  "
"My pizziness!"
ejaculated the thing, "vy vat a low-bred puppy you mos pe vor to ask a gentleman und an angel apout his pizziness!"
This language was rather more than I could bear, even from an angel; so, plucking up courage, I seized a salt-cellar which lay within reach, and hurled it at the head of the intruder.
Either he dodged, however, or my aim was inaccurate; for all I accomplished was the demolition of the crystal which protected the dial of the clock upon the mantelpiece.
As for the Angel, he evinced his sense of my assault by giving me two or three hard, consecutive raps upon the forehead as before.
These reduced me at once to submission, and I am almost ashamed to confess that, either through pain or vexation, there came a few tears into my eyes.
"Mein Gott!"
said the Angel of the Odd, apparently much softened at my distress; "mein Gott, te man is eder ferry dronk or ferry zorry.
You mos not trink it so strong you mos put te water in te wine.

"No, I think I'll wear the blue with the faint red stripe."
"Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir."
"But I rather fancy myself in it."
"Not the blue with the faint red stripe, sir."
"Oh, all right, have it your own way."
"Very good, sir.
Thank you, sir."
Of course, I know it's as bad as being henpecked; but then Jeeves is always right.
You've got to consider that, you know.
What?
JEEVES AND THE UNBIDDEN GUEST 
I'm not absolutely certain of my facts, but I rather fancy it's Shakespeare or, if not, it's some equally brainy lad who says that it's always just when a chappie is feeling particularly top-hole, and more than usually braced with things in general that Fate sneaks up behind him with a bit of lead piping.
There's no doubt the man's right.

What such an audacious look of well-being, under august displeasure could mean she could not understand.
It was, however, just like Sara's singular obstinate way.
She was probably determined to brave the matter out.
One thing Sara had resolved upon, as she thought things over.
The wonders which had happened must be kept a secret, if such a thing were possible.
If Miss Minchin should choose to mount to the attic again, of course all would be discovered.
But it did not seem likely that she would do so for some time at least, unless she was led by suspicion.
Ermengarde and Lottie would be watched with such strictness that they would not dare to steal out of their beds again.
Ermengarde could be told the story and trusted to keep it secret.
If Lottie made any discoveries, she could be bound to secrecy also.
Perhaps the Magic itself would help to hide its own marvels.
"But whatever happens," Sara kept saying to herself all day "WHATEVER happens, somewhere in the world there is a heavenly kind person who is my friend my friend.

So he went back to the wood, seated himself in his trunk, flew up to the roof of the castle, and crept through the window into the room where the princess lay asleep on the sofa.
She awoke and was very much frightened, but he told her he was a Turkish angel who had come down through the air to see her.
This pleased her very much.
He sat down by her side and talked to her, telling her that her eyes were like beautiful dark lakes, in which the thoughts swam about like little mermaids; and that her forehead was a snowy mountain which contained splendid halls full of pictures.
He related to her the story about the stork, who brings the beautiful children from the rivers.
These stories delighted the princess, and when he asked her if she would marry him, she consented immediately.
"But you must come on Saturday," she said, "for then my parents will take tea with me.
They will be very proud when they find that I am going to marry a Turkish angel.
But you must think of some very pretty stories to tell them, for they like to hear stories better than anything.
My mother prefers one that is deep and moral, but my father likes something funny, to make him laugh."
"Very well," he replied, "I shall bring you no other marriage portion than a story"; and so they parted.
But the princess gave him a sword studded with gold coins, and these he could make useful.

When I awakened I was almost starved and so cold that my beak chattered."
It was only a few days after the Screech Owl's call upon his cousins that he awakened one night to find the weather milder, and the ground covered with only a thin coating of soft snow.
The beautiful round moon was shining down upon him, and in the western sky the clouds were still red from the rays of the setting sun.
Somewhere, far beyond the fields and forests of this part of the world, day-birds were beginning to stir, and thousands of downy heads were drawn from under sheltering wings, while in the barnyards the Cocks were calling their welcome to the sun.
But the Screech Owl did not think of this.
He aroused his wife and they went hunting.
When they came back they did not dream about food.
They had eaten all that they could, and the Great Horned Owl and his wife had made a meal hearty enough for a dozen Robins, and a whole flock of Goldfinches.
It was a good thing for the day-birds that this was so, for it is said that sometimes, when food is very scarce, Owls have been known to hunt by daylight.
When morning came and it was the moon's turn to sink out of sight in the west, the Owls went to bed in their hollow trees, and Crows, Blue Jays, Woodpeckers, Chickadees, Grouse, Quail, Squirrels, and Rabbits came out.
The Goldfinches were there too, but you would never have known the husbands and fathers of the flock, unless you had seen them before in their winter clothing, which is like that worn by the wives and children.
Here, too, were the winter visitors, the Snow Buntings and the Juncos, brimming over with happiness and news of their northern homes.

"You always were my docile daughter.
Well, dear, if I were you, I'd let John have more to do with the management of Demi, for the boy needs training, and it's none too soon to begin.
Then I'd do what I have often proposed, let Hannah come and help you.
She is a capital nurse, and you may trust the precious babies to her while you do more housework.
You need the exercise, Hannah would enjoy the rest, and John would find his wife again.
Go out more, keep cheerful as well as busy, for you are the sunshine-maker of the family, and if you get dismal there is no fair weather.
Then I'd try to take an interest in whatever John likes talk with him, let him read to you, exchange ideas, and help each other in that way.
Don't shut yourself up in a bandbox because you are a woman, but understand what is going on, and educate yourself to take your part in the world's work, for it all affects you and yours."
"John is so sensible, I'm afraid he will think I'm stupid if I ask questions about politics and things."
"I don't believe he would.
Love covers a multitude of sins, and of whom could you ask more freely than of him?
Try it, and see if he doesn't find your society far more agreeable than Mrs. Scott's suppers."

On the contrary, he took it with him into his comfortable home, and repeated to his wife the dark words that all things were going wrong; that the drought would ruin the harvest, for the corn was not yet sprung.
And still thinking thus, he laid his head on his pillow, and presently fell asleep.
But his wife sat up for a while by the bedside, and opened her Bible, and read, "The harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels."
Then she wrote this text in pencil on the flyleaf at the end of the book, and after it the date of the day, and after the date the words, "Lord, the husbandman, Thou waitest for the precious fruit Thou hast sown, and hast long patience for it!
Amen, O Lord, Amen!"
After which the good woman knelt down to pray, and as she prayed she wept, for she knew that she was very ill.
But what she prayed that night was heard only in heaven.
And so a few days passed on as before, and the house was gloomy with the discontent of its master; but at last one evening the wind changed, the sky became heavy with clouds, and before midnight there was rain all over the land; and when the Master of the Harvest came in next morning, wet from his early walk by the cornfields, he said it was well it had come at last, and that, at last, the corn had sprung up.
On which his wife looked at him with a smile, and said, "How often things came right, about which one had been anxious and disturbed."
To which her husband made no answer, but turned away and spoke of something else.
Meantime, the corn seeds had been found ready and waiting when the hour came, and the young sprouts burst out at once; and very soon all along the long ridges were to be seen rows of tender blades, tinting the whole field with a delicate green.
And day by day the Master of the Harvest saw them and was satisfied; but because he was satisfied, and his anxiety was gone, he spoke of other things, and forgot to rejoice.

Then the boy said, "This story never had any moral, I believe, papa?"
"Not a bit," said the papa.
"Unless," he added, "the moral was that you had better not be ambitious, unless you want to come to the sad end of this proud little pumpkin-glory."
"Why, but the good little pumpkin was eaten up, too," said the boy.
"That's true," the papa acknowledged.
"Well," said the little girl, "there's a great deal of difference between being eaten by persons and eaten by pigs."
"All the difference in the world," said the papa; and he laughed, and ran out of the library before the boy could get at him.
Butterflyflutterby and Flutterbybutterfly 

One morning when the papa was on a visit to the grandfather, the nephew and the niece came rushing into his room and got into bed with him.
He pretended to be asleep, and even when they grabbed hold of him and shook him, he just let his teeth clatter, and made no sign of waking up.
But they knew he was fooling, and they kept shaking him till he opened his eyes and looked round, and said, "Oh, oh!
where am I?"
as if he were all bewildered.

"I wish she hadn't gone so quick," she said.
"I'm blest if she shouldn't have had a dozen."
Then she turned to the child.
"Are you hungry yet?"
she said.
"I'm allus hungry," was the answer, "but 't ain't as bad as it was."
"Come in here," said the woman, and she held open the shop door.
The child got up and shuffled in.
To be invited into a warm place full of bread seemed an incredible thing.
She did not know what was going to happen.
She did not care, even.
"Get yourself warm," said the woman, pointing to a fire in the tiny back room.

He only wishes to know if you can afford to entertain him."
"Oh!
of course," replied the farmer.
"I see.
Well perhaps you can help me to solve some of his other mysteries.
While we were walking together he asked whether he should carry me or I should carry him, as he thought that would be a pleasanter mode of proceeding."
"Most assuredly," said the girl.
"He meant that one of you should tell a story to beguile the time."
"Oh yes.
Well, we were passing through a corn-field, when he asked me whether it was eaten or not."
"And didn't you know the meaning of this, father?
He simply wished to know if the man was in debt or not; because, if the owner of the field was in debt, then the produce of the field was as good as eaten to him; that is, it would have to go to his creditors."

What the two drank together, between Hilary Term and Michaelmas, might have floated a king's ship.
Stryver never had a case in hand, anywhere, but Carton was there, with his hands in his pockets, staring at the ceiling of the court; they went the same Circuit, and even there they prolonged their usual orgies late into the night, and Carton was rumoured to be seen at broad day, going home stealthily and unsteadily to his lodgings, like a dissipated cat.
At last, it began to get about, among such as were interested in the matter, that although Sydney Carton would never be a lion, he was an amazingly good jackal, and that he rendered suit and service to Stryver in that humble capacity.
“Ten o'clock, sir,” said the man at the tavern, whom he had charged to wake him “ten o'clock, sir.”
“What's the matter?”
“Ten o'clock, sir.”
“What do you mean?
Ten o'clock at night?”
“Yes, sir.
Your honour told me to call you.”
“Oh!
I remember.
Very well, very well.”
After a few dull efforts to get to sleep again, which the man dexterously combated by stirring the fire continuously for five minutes, he got up, tossed his hat on, and walked out.
He turned into the Temple, and, having revived himself by twice pacing the pavements of King's Bench-walk and Paper-buildings, turned into the Stryver chambers.
The Stryver clerk, who never assisted at these conferences, had gone home, and the Stryver principal opened the door.
He had his slippers on, and a loose bed-gown, and his throat was bare for his greater ease.
He had that rather wild, strained, seared marking about the eyes, which may be observed in all free livers of his class, from the portrait of Jeffries downward, and which can be traced, under various disguises of Art, through the portraits of every Drinking Age.

Those who declare war hoping to have a summer's outing thereby may live to regret it for many bitter years.
On November 16, Sherman started, his army moving in four columns, constituting altogether a column of fire by night, and a pillar of cloud and dust by day.
Kilpatrick's cavalry scoured the country like a mass meeting of ubiquitous little black Tennessee hornets.
In five weeks Sherman had marched three hundred miles, had destroyed two railroads, had stormed Fort McAllister, and had captured Savannah.
On the 5th and 6th of May, 1864, occurred the battle of the Wilderness, near the old battleground of Chancellorsville.
No one could describe it, for it was fought in the dense woods, and the two days of useless butchery with not the slightest signs of civilized warfare sickened both armies, and, with no victory for either, they retired to their intrenchments.
Grant, instead of retreating, however, quietly passed the flank of the Confederates and started for Spottsylvania Court-House, where a battle occurred May 8-12.
Here the two armies fought five days without any advantage to either.
It was at this time that Grant sent his celebrated despatch stating that he "proposed to fight it out on this line if it took all summer."
Finally he sought to turn Lee's right flank.
June 8, the battle of Cold Harbor followed this movement.
The Union forces were shot down in the mire and brush by Lee's troops, now snugly in out of the wet, behind the Cold Harbor defences.

She never licks anybody whacks 'em over the head with her thimble and who cares for that, I'd like to know.
She talks awful, but talk don't hurt anyways it don't if she don't cry.
Jim, I'll give you a marvel.
I'll give you a white alley!”
Jim began to waver.
“White alley, Jim!
And it's a bully taw.”
“My!
Dat's a mighty gay marvel, I tell you!
But Mars Tom I's powerful 'fraid ole missis ”
“And besides, if you will I'll show you my sore toe.”
Jim was only human this attraction was too much for him.
He put down his pail, took the white alley, and bent over the toe with absorbing interest while the bandage was being unwound.
In another moment he was flying down the street with his pail and a tingling rear, Tom was whitewashing with vigor, and Aunt Polly was retiring from the field with a slipper in her hand and triumph in her eye.
But Tom's energy did not last.
He began to think of the fun he had planned for this day, and his sorrows multiplied.

The only thing that was left was a thoroughly frightened Eskimo floating aimlessly on the troubled waters, whom we fished out with the help of one of the winches.
When the World War broke out in the centre of civilization, news spread quickly until it got to the wilderness.
After that it traveled more and more slowly, but in the end it reached the remotest parts of the earth.
In the far North of Canada it took months and months for the news to filter through the barren lands.
In a lonely outpost on Hudson Bay, the one white man who lived there heard of the War, for the first time, eight months later—in March, 1915, to be exact.
It was only a rumor and for a long time he could not understand clearly what had happened.
A tribe of Eskimos hunting south had met some coast Indians who had been trading, at Christmas, at Fort George in James Bay.
The Crees had tried to explain to the Huskies what the Missionaries and White Traders had told them, but the peace-loving Eskimos could not realize what the word “war” meant.
Furthermore, their knowledge of the Cree language was very confused.
They told our man that there were a lot of dead people in the white man’s land, far away over the sea; that the noise was terrible and that the white men’s Igloos were all destroyed.
They did not mention the words—war, shell, gas—which the more civilized Indians knew from hearsay and had told to them.
They just repeated what had struck their imagination.

All thy unnamable imminglings float beneath me here; I am buoyed by breaths of once living things, exhaled as air, but water now.
“Then hail, for ever hail, O sea, in whose eternal tossings the wild fowl finds his only rest.
Born of earth, yet suckled by the sea; though hill and valley mothered me, ye billows are my foster-brothers!”
CHAPTER 117.
The Whale Watch.
The four whales slain that evening had died wide apart; one, far to windward; one, less distant, to leeward; one ahead; one astern.
These last three were brought alongside ere nightfall; but the windward one could not be reached till morning; and the boat that had killed it lay by its side all night; and that boat was Ahab’s.
The waif-pole was thrust upright into the dead whale’s spout-hole; and the lantern hanging from its top, cast a troubled flickering glare upon the black, glossy back, and far out upon the midnight waves, which gently chafed the whale’s broad flank, like soft surf upon a beach.
Ahab and all his boat’s crew seemed asleep but the Parsee; who crouching in the bow, sat watching the sharks, that spectrally played round the whale, and tapped the light cedar planks with their tails.
A sound like the moaning in squadrons over Asphaltites of unforgiven ghosts of Gomorrah, ran shuddering through the air.
Started from his slumbers, Ahab, face to face, saw the Parsee; and hooped round by the gloom of the night they seemed the last men in a flooded world.
“I have dreamed it again,” said he.
“Of the hearses?

The fox, too, had a taste, but kept looking round while eating, and ran frequently to the hole by which they had entered, to see if his body would slip through it easily.
Presently the wolf asked: "Why are you running about so, you fox, jumping in and out?"
"I want to see if any one is coming,"
replied the fox cunningly; "but mind you do not eat too much!"
The wolf said he would not leave till the cask was quite empty; and meanwhile the peasant, who had heard the noise made by the fox, entered the cellar.
The fox, as soon as he saw him, made a spring, and was through the hole in a jiffy; and the wolf tried to follow his example, but he had eaten so much that his body was too big for the opening, and he stuck fast.
Then came the peasant with a cudgel, and beat him sorely; but the fox leaped away into the forest, very glad to get rid of the old glutton.
DISCREET HANS 
Hans's mother asked: "Whither are you going, Hans?"
"To Grethel's,"
replied he.
"Behave well, Hans."
"I will take care; good-by, mother."
"Good-by, Hans."
Hans came to Grethel.

Elinor, too, was deeply afflicted; but still she could struggle, she could exert herself.
She could consult with her brother, could receive her sister-in-law on her arrival, and treat her with proper attention; and could strive to rouse her mother to similar exertion, and encourage her to similar forbearance.
Margaret, the other sister, was a good-humored, well-disposed girl; but as she had already imbibed a good deal of Marianne's romance, without having much of her sense, she did not, at thirteen, bid fair to equal her sisters at a more advanced period of life.
CHAPTER 2 
Mrs. John Dashwood now installed herself mistress of Norland; and her mother and sisters-in-law were degraded to the condition of visitors.
As such, however, they were treated by her with quiet civility; and by her husband with as much kindness as he could feel towards anybody beyond himself, his wife, and their child.
He really pressed them, with some earnestness, to consider Norland as their home; and, as no plan appeared so eligible to Mrs. Dashwood as remaining there till she could accommodate herself with a house in the neighbourhood, his invitation was accepted.
A continuance in a place where everything reminded her of former delight, was exactly what suited her mind.
In seasons of cheerfulness, no temper could be more cheerful than hers, or possess, in a greater degree, that sanguine expectation of happiness which is happiness itself.
But in sorrow she must be equally carried away by her fancy, and as far beyond consolation as in pleasure she was beyond alloy.
Mrs. John Dashwood did not at all approve of what her husband intended to do for his sisters.
To take three thousand pounds from the fortune of their dear little boy would be impoverishing him to the most dreadful degree.
She begged him to think again on the subject.

So did the pup.
The hole in which we were floundering was very small.
The young seal floated like an empty bottle, his body half out of the water.
In his efforts to get a hold on the edge of the pan, he flapped his front flippers like a pair of fans.
Each flipper was armed with five claws as hard as steel.
My face got in the way of one flipper and instantly I came to the conclusion that I had better wait until my companion got out first.
Patiently and courteously I waited until the little pup, with a lot of snorting and splashing, slowly but stubbornly wriggled himself out of the water.
When my turn came I was half dead with cold, and barely managed to pull myself on the ice in safety.
Leaving the seal where he was, I tottered back to the ship.
I found the skipper very unsympathetic.
The only thing he had to say was: “Serves you right.
This is Sunday.”

                 
During the filming of “Nanook of the North”, in the winter of 1921, we decided to take a scene of a white bear hunt at close quarters on land.

"I think I could jump over it," said the Cowardly Lion, after measuring the distance carefully in his mind.
"Then we are all right," answered the Scarecrow, "for you can carry us all over on your back, one at a time."
"Well, I'll try it," said the Lion.
"Who will go first?"
"I will," declared the Scarecrow, "for, if you found that you could not jump over the gulf, Dorothy would be killed, or the Tin Woodman badly dented on the rocks below.
But if I am on your back it will not matter so much, for the fall would not hurt me at all."
"I am terribly afraid of falling, myself," said the Cowardly Lion, "but I suppose there is nothing to do but try it.
So get on my back and we will make the attempt."
The Scarecrow sat upon the Lion's back, and the big beast walked to the edge of the gulf and crouched down.
"Why don't you run and jump?"
asked the Scarecrow.
"Because that isn't the way we Lions do these things," he replied.

"Why," said the raven, "the arduous task of watching these cattle and bringing them home."
"Am I to understand you have been doing all the work for me?"
said the farmer.
"Certainly," said the raven, and flew away with a laugh.
Quoth the farmer with surprise, "How many there are that take credit for things which they have never done!"
TINSEL AND LIGHTNING 
A piece of tinsel on a rock once said to a pebble, "You see how bright I am!
I am by birth related to the lightning."
"Indeed!"
said the pebble; "then accept my humble respects."
Some time after, a flash of lightning struck the rock, and the tinsel lost all its brilliancy by the scorching effects of the flash.
"Where is your brilliancy now?"
said the pebble.

I've always heard that.”
“Tom, I don't like to fool around much where there's dead people.
A body's bound to get into trouble with 'em, sure.”
“I don't like to stir 'em up, either.
S'pose this one here was to stick his skull out and say something!”
“Don't Tom!
It's awful.”
“Well, it just is.
Huck, I don't feel comfortable a bit.”
“Say, Tom, let's give this place up, and try somewheres else.”
“All right, I reckon we better.”
“What'll it be?”
Tom considered awhile; and then said:
“The ha'nted house.
That's it!”
“Blame it, I don't like ha'nted houses, Tom.
Why, they're a dern sight worse'n dead people.
Dead people might talk, maybe, but they don't come sliding around in a shroud, when you ain't noticing, and peep over your shoulder all of a sudden and grit their teeth, the way a ghost does.
I couldn't stand such a thing as that, Tom nobody could.”
“Yes, but, Huck, ghosts don't travel around only at night.
They won't hender us from digging there in the daytime.”
“Well, that's so.
But you know mighty well people don't go about that ha'nted house in the day nor the night.”
“Well, that's mostly because they don't like to go where a man's been murdered, anyway but nothing's ever been seen around that house except in the night just some blue lights slipping by the windows no regular ghosts.”
“Well, where you see one of them blue lights flickering around, Tom, you can bet there's a ghost mighty close behind it.
It stands to reason.

Moving at will from one theatre to another, the two spectators, so far from home themselves, had something of wistfulness in their eyes as they watched a cat being stroked, a sleepy child picked up and huddled off to bed, or a tired man stretch and knock out his pipe on the end of a smouldering log.
But it was from one little window, with its blind drawn down, a mere blank transparency on the night, that the sense of home and the little curtained world within walls the larger stressful world of outside Nature shut out and forgotten most pulsated.
Close against the white blind hung a bird-cage, clearly silhouetted, every wire, perch, and appurtenance distinct and recognisable, even to yesterday’s dull-edged lump of sugar.
On the middle perch the fluffy occupant, head tucked well into feathers, seemed so near to them as to be easily stroked, had they tried; even the delicate tips of his plumped-out plumage pencilled plainly on the illuminated screen.
As they looked, the sleepy little fellow stirred uneasily, woke, shook himself, and raised his head.
They could see the gape of his tiny beak as he yawned in a bored sort of way, looked round, and then settled his head into his back again, while the ruffled feathers gradually subsided into perfect stillness.
Then a gust of bitter wind took them in the back of the neck, a small sting of frozen sleet on the skin woke them as from a dream, and they knew their toes to be cold and their legs tired, and their own home distant a weary way.
Once beyond the village, where the cottages ceased abruptly, on either side of the road they could smell through the darkness the friendly fields again; and they braced themselves for the last long stretch, the home stretch, the stretch that we know is bound to end, some time, in the rattle of the door-latch, the sudden firelight, and the sight of familiar things greeting us as long-absent travellers from far over-sea.
They plodded along steadily and silently, each of them thinking his own thoughts.
The Mole’s ran a good deal on supper, as it was pitch-dark, and it was all a strange country for him as far as he knew, and he was following obediently in the wake of the Rat, leaving the guidance entirely to him.
As for the Rat, he was walking a little way ahead, as his habit was, his shoulders humped, his eyes fixed on the straight grey road in front of him; so he did not notice poor Mole when suddenly the summons reached him, and took him like an electric shock.
We others, who have long lost the more subtle of the physical senses, have not even proper terms to express an animal’s inter-communications with his surroundings, living or otherwise, and have only the word ‘smell,’ for instance, to include the whole range of delicate thrills which murmur in the nose of the animal night and day, summoning, warning, inciting, repelling.

But he stopped short in the middle of it as if he lacked the heart to get through the shortest sentence.
"Will they take his life as well as mine?"
said Barnaby.
"I wish they would.
If you and I and he could die together, there would be none to feel sorry, or to grieve for us.
Don't you cry for me.
They said that I am bold, and so I am, and so I will be."
The turnkey came to close the cells for the night, the widow tore herself away, and Barnaby was alone.
He was to die.
There was no hope.
They had tried to save him.
The locksmith had carried petitions and memorials to the fountain-head with his own hands.

The poor young fellow was quite comfortless at having so poor a lot.
“My brothers,” said he, “may get their living handsomely enough by joining their stocks together; but for my part, when I have eaten up my cat, and made me a muff of his skin, I must die of hunger.”
The Cat, who heard all this, but made as if he did not, said to him with a grave and serious air:
“Do not thus afflict yourself, my good master.
You have nothing else to do but to give me a bag and get a pair of boots made for me that I may scamper through the dirt and the brambles, and you shall see that you have not so bad a portion in me as you imagine.”
The Cat’s master did not build very much upon what he said.
He had often seen him play a great many cunning tricks to catch rats and mice, as when he used to hang by the heels, or hide himself in the meal, and make as if he were dead; so that he did not altogether despair of his affording him some help in his miserable condition.
When the Cat had what he asked for he booted himself very gallantly, and putting his bag about his neck, he held the strings of it in his two forepaws and went into a warren where was great abundance of rabbits.
He put bran and sow-thistle into his bag, and stretching out at length, as if he had been dead, he waited for some young rabbits, not yet acquainted with the deceits of the world, to come and rummage his bag for what he had put into it.
Scarce was he lain down but he had what he wanted.
A rash and foolish young rabbit jumped into his bag, and Monsieur Puss, immediately drawing close the strings, took and killed him without pity.
Proud of his prey, he went with it to the palace and asked to speak with his majesty.
He was shown upstairs into the King’s apartment, and, making a low reverence, said to him:
“I have brought you, sir, a rabbit of the warren, which my noble lord the Marquis of Carabas” (for that was the title which puss was pleased to give his master) “has commanded me to present to your majesty from him.”
“Tell thy master,” said the king, “that I thank him and that he does me a great deal of pleasure.”
Another time he went and hid himself among some standing corn, holding still his bag open, and when a brace of partridges ran into it he drew the strings and so caught them both.
He went and made a present of these to the king, as he had done before of the rabbit which he took in the warren.
The king, in like manner, received the partridges with great pleasure, and ordered him some money for drink.

‘That’s good,’ she said, ‘you go on like that, reading books.
I’ll make you a list myself of the books you ought to read first shall I?’ She had never once spoken to me like this before; it was the first time I felt I could breathe before her like a living creature.”
“I’m very, very glad to hear of this, Parfen,” said the prince, with real feeling.
“Who knows?
Maybe God will yet bring you near to one another.”
“Never, never!” cried Rogojin, excitedly.
“Look here, Parfen; if you love her so much, surely you must be anxious to earn her respect?
And if you do so wish, surely you may hope to?
I said just now that I considered it extraordinary that she could still be ready to marry you.
Well, though I cannot yet understand it, I feel sure she must have some good reason, or she wouldn’t do it.
She is sure of your love; but besides that, she must attribute something else to you some good qualities, otherwise the thing would not be.
What you have just said confirms my words.
You say yourself that she found it possible to speak to you quite differently from her usual manner.
You are suspicious, you know, and jealous, therefore when anything annoying happens to you, you exaggerate its significance.

Slight displacements of the raging sea, made by the falling wounded.
Flashing weapons, blazing torches, smoking waggonloads of wet straw, hard work at neighbouring barricades in all directions, shrieks, volleys, execrations, bravery without stint, boom smash and rattle, and the furious sounding of the living sea; but, still the deep ditch, and the single drawbridge, and the massive stone walls, and the eight great towers, and still Defarge of the wine-shop at his gun, grown doubly hot by the service of Four fierce hours.
A white flag from within the fortress, and a parley this dimly perceptible through the raging storm, nothing audible in it suddenly the sea rose immeasurably wider and higher, and swept Defarge of the wine-shop over the lowered drawbridge, past the massive stone outer walls, in among the eight great towers surrendered!
So resistless was the force of the ocean bearing him on, that even to draw his breath or turn his head was as impracticable as if he had been struggling in the surf at the South Sea, until he was landed in the outer courtyard of the Bastille.
There, against an angle of a wall, he made a struggle to look about him.
Jacques Three was nearly at his side; Madame Defarge, still heading some of her women, was visible in the inner distance, and her knife was in her hand.
Everywhere was tumult, exultation, deafening and maniacal bewilderment, astounding noise, yet furious dumb-show.
“The Prisoners!”
“The Records!”
“The secret cells!”
“The instruments of torture!”
“The Prisoners!”
Of all these cries, and ten thousand incoherences, “The Prisoners!” was the cry most taken up by the sea that rushed in, as if there were an eternity of people, as well as of time and space.
When the foremost billows rolled past, bearing the prison officers with them, and threatening them all with instant death if any secret nook remained undisclosed, Defarge laid his strong hand on the breast of one of these men a man with a grey head, who had a lighted torch in his hand separated him from the rest, and got him between himself and the wall.
“Show me the North Tower!” said Defarge.
“Quick!”
“I will faithfully,” replied the man, “if you will come with me.
But there is no one there.”
“What is the meaning of One Hundred and Five, North Tower?” asked Defarge.

So they decided to take him along with them and did so.
High, very high, above in the sky they perceived cranes.
Ivan said to the sailors:
"Be careful; I hear the birds predicting a storm.
Let us enter a harbor or we shall suffer great danger and damage.
All the sails will be torn and all the masts will be broken."
But no one paid any attention and they went farther on.
In a short time the storm arose, the wind tore the vessel almost to pieces, and they had a very hard time to repair all the damage.
When they were through with their work they heard many wild swans flying above them and talking very loud among themselves.
"What are they talking about?"
inquired the men, this time with interest.
"Be careful," advised Ivan.
"I hear and distinctly understand them to say that the pirates, the terrible sea robbers, are near.

Meanwhile the song was sung a third time.
Tâ tai tôm had left the lips of the singer; and, before tadingana was out of them, the traders separated into parties of three, and each party pounced upon a thief.
The remaining one the leader himself tore up into long narrow strips a large piece of cloth, six cubits long, and tied the hands and feet of the robbers.
These were entirely humbled now, and rolled on the ground like three bags of rice!
The ten traders now took back all their property, and armed themselves with the swords and cudgels of their enemies; and when they reached their village, they often amused their friends and relatives by relating their adventure.
Raja Rasalu.
Once there lived a great Raja, whose name was Salabhan, and he had a Queen, by name Lona, who, though she wept and prayed at many a shrine, had never a child to gladden her eyes.
After a long time, however, a son was promised to her.
Queen Lona returned to the palace, and when the time for the birth of the promised son drew nigh, she inquired of three Jogis who came begging to her gate, what the child's fate would be, and the youngest of them answered and said, "Oh, Queen!
the child will be a boy, and he will live to be a great man.
But for twelve years you must not look upon his face, for if either you or his father see it before the twelve years are past, you will surely die!
This is what you must do; as soon as the child is born you must send him away to a cellar underneath the ground, and never let him see the light of day for twelve years.

My, the Sun was angry!
The big Snake begged, and promised never to speak to the Moon again, but the Sun had him; and he smashed him into thousands of little pieces, all of different colors from the different parts of his painted body.
The little pieces each turned into a little snake, just as you see them now, but they were all too small for the Moon to notice after that.
That is how so many Snakes came into the world; and that is why they are all small, nowadays.
"Our people do not like the Snake-people very well, but we know that they were made to do something on this world, and that they do it, or they wouldn't live here.
"That was a short story, but to-morrow night I will tell you why the Deer-people have no gall on their livers; and why the Antelope-people do not wear dew-claws, for you should know that there are no other animals with cloven hoofs that are like them in this.
"I am tired to-night, and I will ask that you go to your lodges, that I may sleep, for I am getting old.
Ho!"
WHY THE DEER HAS NO GALL 
Bright and early the next morning the children were playing on the bank of "The River That Scolds the Other," when Fine Bow said:
"Let us find a Deer's foot, and the foot of an Antelope and look at them, for to-night grandfather will tell us why the Deer has the dew-claws, and why the Antelope has none."
"Yes, and let us ask mother if the Deer has no gall on its liver.
Maybe she can show both the liver of a Deer and that of an Antelope; then we can see for ourselves," said Bluebird.
So they began to look about where the hides had been grained for tanning; and sure enough, there were the feet of both the antelope and the deer.

Some time after this, the poor Rajah who had bought the ruby got leprosy, and called all the physicians he could find to cure him.
One of these said he would be cured if he ate the flesh of a wild goose, and applied its fat to his hands.
That very day the Rajah sent for the Brahmin, and told him to go without delay and fetch him a wild goose, when he would reward him greatly.
Now, the Brahmin loved money, and for his greed of gold, forgot all the kindness of the wild goose, and made up his mind to secure it; so he went to the river as before, and began to try and drown himself.
The geese watched him with much concern, for they wondered what had caused this fresh trouble, after all that had been done for him.
Perhaps a thief had stolen the ruby.
The old gander ran to enquire, but his wife warned him not to go.
"What is the matter, O Brahmin?"
"Nothing, my friend, except that I wish to behold your face again."
"Well, here I am."
"Ah, not so far, my friend; come nearer that I may caress you,"
cried the Brahmin.
So the foolish bird came nearer, and no sooner had he done so, than the Brahmin seized him and put him in a bag, with only his head out.

That is a true thought!” cried the prince.
“From ennui, from our ennui but not from satiety!
Oh, no, you are wrong there!
Say from thirst if you like; the thirst of fever!
And please do not suppose that this is so small a matter that we may have a laugh at it and dismiss it; we must be able to foresee our disasters and arm against them.
We Russians no sooner arrive at the brink of the water, and realize that we are really at the brink, than we are so delighted with the outlook that in we plunge and swim to the farthest point we can see.
Why is this?
You say you are surprised at Pavlicheff’s action; you ascribe it to madness, to kindness of heart, and what not, but it is not so.
“Our Russian intensity not only astonishes ourselves; all Europe wonders at our conduct in such cases!
For, if one of us goes over to Roman Catholicism, he is sure to become a Jesuit at once, and a rabid one into the bargain.
If one of us becomes an Atheist, he must needs begin to insist on the prohibition of faith in God by force, that is, by the sword.
Why is this?

(Ha, ha.)
How could I doubt such a thing?
(Ha, ha, ha.)
I made the remark because because Nicolai Andreevitch Pavlicheff was such a splendid man, don’t you see!
Such a high-souled man, he really was, I assure you.”
The prince did not exactly pant for breath, but he “seemed almost to choke out of pure simplicity and goodness of heart,” as Adelaida expressed it, on talking the party over with her fiance, the Prince S., next morning.
“But, my goodness me,” laughed Ivan Petrovitch, “why can’t I be cousin to even a splendid man?”
“Oh, dear!” cried the prince, confused, trying to hurry his words out, and growing more and more eager every moment: “I’ve gone and said another stupid thing.
I don’t know what to say.
I I didn’t mean that, you know I I he really was such a splendid man, wasn’t he?”
The prince trembled all over.
Why was he so agitated?
Why had he flown into such transports of delight without any apparent reason?
He had far outshot the measure of joy and emotion consistent with the occasion.
Why this was it would be difficult to say.

CHAPTER 41 
Edward, having carried his thanks to Colonel Brandon, proceeded with his happiness to Lucy; and such was the excess of it by the time he reached Bartlett's Buildings, that she was able to assure Mrs.
Jennings, who called on her again the next day with her congratulations, that she had never seen him in such spirits before in her life.
Her own happiness, and her own spirits, were at least very certain; and she joined Mrs. Jennings most heartily in her expectation of their being all comfortably together in Delaford Parsonage before Michaelmas.
So far was she, at the same time, from any backwardness to give Elinor that credit which Edward WOULD give her, that she spoke of her friendship for them both with the most grateful warmth, was ready to own all their obligation to her, and openly declared that no exertion for their good on Miss Dashwood's part, either present or future, would ever surprise her, for she believed her capable of doing any thing in the world for those she really valued.
As for Colonel Brandon, she was not only ready to worship him as a saint, but was moreover truly anxious that he should be treated as one in all worldly concerns; anxious that his tithes should be raised to the utmost; and scarcely resolved to avail herself, at Delaford, as far as she possibly could, of his servants, his carriage, his cows, and his poultry.
It was now above a week since John Dashwood had called in Berkeley Street, and as since that time no notice had been taken by them of his wife's indisposition, beyond one verbal enquiry, Elinor began to feel it necessary to pay her a visit.
This was an obligation, however, which not only opposed her own inclination, but which had not the assistance of any encouragement from her companions.
Marianne, not contented with absolutely refusing to go herself, was very urgent to prevent her sister's going at all; and Mrs. Jennings, though her carriage was always at Elinor's service, so very much disliked Mrs.
John Dashwood, that not even her curiosity to see how she looked after the late discovery, nor her strong desire to affront her by taking Edward's part, could overcome her unwillingness to be in her company again.
The consequence was, that Elinor set out by herself to pay a visit, for which no one could really have less inclination, and to run the risk of a tete-a-tete with a woman, whom neither of the others had so much reason to dislike.
Mrs. Dashwood was denied; but before the carriage could turn from the house, her husband accidentally came out.
He expressed great pleasure in meeting Elinor, told her that he had been just going to call in Berkeley Street, and, assuring her that Fanny would be very glad to see her, invited her to come in.
They walked up stairs in to the drawing-room.
Nobody was there.

He came up to her and said deferentially, as he slung the net of betel nut round her neck:
"You are the chief person at this feast, take the pan and the betel nut and divide them among the company according to custom."
The bride, however, remained motionless and mute, seeing which, the tiger asked the monkeys in a displeased voice, "Why doth not your sister answer me nor obey my commands?"
"She is very young," they replied, "perhaps she has fallen asleep while waiting for you; pull the string of the net and she will awaken."
Upon this the tiger gave the string a sharp tug, and the loose head of the image rolled on to the floor, whereupon the monkeys, uttering the most piercing shrieks, pounced upon the tiger in a mob, declaring that he had killed their sister, and that he had only made a pretence of marrying her in order to get hold of her to kill her.
A fierce and bloody fight ensued in which the tiger was nearly killed, and ever since then the tiger has feared the monkeys, and they are the only animals in the jungle that dare challenge him to fight.
He never discovered their duplicity, but he learned one very effective lesson, for he has never committed the indiscretion of proposing marriage with an unknown bride since that unfortunate affair with the monkeys; while the monkeys are rejoicing in the cunning by which they saved their brother and their tribe from punishment.
VIII 
THE LEGEND OF THE IEI TREE 
Some eight or ten miles to the west of the town of Shillong is seen a prominent hill range, a place much renowned in Khasi folk-lore.
It is known as the Mountain of the Iei Tree, and is a very romantic spot even in the present day, although divested of its former reputed glory.
Its slopes are studded with thriving villages and cultivated fields, which appear from a distance like a bit of British landscape.
At its foot the river Umiam (the wailing river) curves its dolorous way to the plains, at times leaping wildly over rugged precipices, scattering its spray in the sunshine, at other times lying almost motionless in the bosom of a valley, reflecting the beauty of myriad trees in its clear depths.
According to tradition, this hill, and the land around it, was the most fertile land in the world; broad acres lay under cultivation and its forests yielded the largest and most valuable timber.
It was also famous for the grandeur of its scenery; fairies and nymphs were said to have their haunts in its green glades, birds of lovely hues lived there and made their nests amid flowers of sweetest scent; there happy maidens loved to roam, and there young lovers met and plighted their troth.

We were clear out of the ship, but not yet ashore in our stockade.
17 
Narrative Continued by the Doctor: The Jolly-boat's Last Trip 
THIS fifth trip was quite different from any of the others.
In the first place, the little gallipot of a boat that we were in was gravely overloaded.
Five grown men, and three of them Trelawney, Redruth, and the captain over six feet high, was already more than she was meant to carry.
Add to that the powder, pork, and bread-bags.
The gunwale was lipping astern.
Several times we shipped a little water, and my breeches and the tails of my coat were all soaking wet before we had gone a hundred yards.
The captain made us trim the boat, and we got her to lie a little more evenly.
All the same, we were afraid to breathe.
In the second place, the ebb was now making a strong rippling current running westward through the basin, and then south'ard and seaward down the straits by which we had entered in the morning.
Even the ripples were a danger to our overloaded craft, but the worst of it was that we were swept out of our true course and away from our proper landing-place behind the point.
If we let the current have its way we should come ashore beside the gigs, where the pirates might appear at any moment.

When it was prepared she could not wait until it was set on the table, but took a couple of leaves at once, and put them in her mouth, but hardly had she swallowed them than she was deprived of her human shape, and she ran out into the courtyard in the form of an ass.
Presently the maid-servant entered the kitchen, saw the salad standing there ready prepared, and was about to carry it up; but on the way, according to habit, she was seized by the desire to taste, and she ate a couple of leaves.
Instantly the magic power showed itself, and she likewise became an ass and ran out to the old woman, and the dish of salad fell to the ground.
Meantime the messenger sat beside the beautiful girl, and as no one came with the salad and she also was longing for it, she said, “I don’t know what has become of the salad.” The huntsman thought, “The salad must have already taken effect,” and said, “I will go to the kitchen and inquire about it.” As he went down he saw the two asses running about in the courtyard; the salad, however, was lying on the ground.
“All right,” said he, “the two have taken their portion,”
and he picked up the other leaves, laid them on the dish, and carried them to the maiden.
“I bring you the delicate food myself,” said he, “in order that you may not have to wait longer.” Then she ate of it, and was, like the others, immediately deprived of her human form, and ran out into the courtyard in the shape of an ass.
After the huntsman had washed his face, so that the transformed ones could recognize him, he went down into the courtyard, and said, “Now you shall receive the wages of your treachery,” and bound them together, all three with one rope, and drove them along until he came to a mill.
He knocked at the window, the miller put out his head, and asked what he wanted.
“I have three unmanageable beasts,” answered he, “which I don’t want to keep any longer.
Will you take them in, and give them food and stable room, and manage them as I tell you, and then I will pay you what you ask.” The miller said, “Why not?
But how am I to manage them?” The huntsman then said that he was to give three beatings and one meal daily to the old donkey, and that was the witch; one beating and three meals to the younger one, which was the servant-girl; and to the youngest, which was the maiden, no beatings and three meals, for he could not bring himself to have the maiden beaten.
After that he went back into the castle, and found therein everything he needed.

I was repulsed indeed!
I have      passed a wretched night in endeavouring to excuse      a conduct which can scarcely be called less than      insulting; but though I have not yet been able to      form any reasonable apology for your behaviour,      I am perfectly ready to hear your justification of      it.
You have perhaps been misinformed, or purposely      deceived, in something concerning me, which may have      lowered me in your opinion.
Tell me what it is,      explain the grounds on which you acted, and I shall      be satisfied, in being able to satisfy you.
It      would grieve me indeed to be obliged to think ill      of you; but if I am to do it, if I am to learn that      you are not what we have hitherto believed you, that      your regard for us all was insincere, that your      behaviour to me was intended only to deceive, let      it be told as soon as possible.
My feelings are at      present in a state of dreadful indecision; I wish      to acquit you, but certainty on either side will be      ease to what I now suffer.
If your sentiments are      no longer what they were, you will return my notes,      and the lock of my hair which is in your possession.
"M.D."
That such letters, so full of affection and confidence, could have been so answered, Elinor, for Willoughby's sake, would have been unwilling to believe.
But her condemnation of him did not blind her to the impropriety of their having been written at all; and she was silently grieving over the imprudence which had hazarded such unsolicited proofs of tenderness, not warranted by anything preceding, and most severely condemned by the event, when Marianne, perceiving that she had finished the letters, observed to her that they contained nothing but what any one would have written in the same situation.
"I felt myself," she added, "to be as solemnly engaged to him, as if the strictest legal covenant had bound us to each other."
"I can believe it," said Elinor; "but unfortunately he did not feel the same."

It was so hard to make Tip understand that the Father of the Marshalsea must not know the truth about his son.
For, the Father of the Marshalsea, as he grew more dependent on the contributions of his changing family, made the greater stand by his forlorn gentility.
So the pretence had to be kept up that neither of his daughters earned their bread.
The Child of the Marshalsea learned needlework of an insolvent milliner, and went out daily to work for a Mrs. Clennam.
This was the life and this the history of the Child of the Marshalsea at twenty-two.
Worldly wise in hard and poor necessities, she was innocent in all things else.
This was the life, and this the history of Little Dorrit, now going home upon a dull September evening, and observed at a distance by Arthur Clennam.
Arthur Clennam had returned to his mother's house a dark and gloomy place from the Far East.
He had noticed that Little Dorrit appeared at eight, and left at eight.
She let herself out to do needlework, he was told.
What became of her between the two eights was a mystery.
It was not easy for Arthur Clennam to make out Little Dorrit's face; she plied her needle in such retired corners.

“I really believe my shadow, by the door there, can answer them!”
“Your shadow!” said the princess.
“That would indeed be marvellous!”
“I will not say for a certainty that he can,” said the shadow, “but I think so; he has now followed me for so many years, and listened to my conversation I should think it possible.
But your royal highness will permit me to observe, that he is so proud of passing himself off for a man, that when he is to be in a proper humor and he must be so to answer well he must be treated quite like a man.”
“Oh!
I like that!” said the princess.
So she went to the learned man by the door, and she spoke to him about the sun and the moon, and about persons out of and in the world, and he answered with wisdom and prudence.
“What a man that must be who has so wise a shadow!” thought she.
“It will be a real blessing to my people and kingdom if I choose him for my consort I will do it!”
They were soon agreed, both the princess and the shadow; but no one was to know about it before she arrived in her own kingdom.
“No one not even my shadow!” said the shadow, and he had his own thoughts about it!
Now they were in the country where the princess reigned when she was at home.
“Listen, my good friend,” said the shadow to the learned man.
“I have now become as happy and mighty as anyone can be; I will, therefore, do something particular for thee!
Thou shalt always live with me in the palace, drive with me in my royal carriage, and have ten thousand pounds a year; but then thou must submit to be called SHADOW by all and everyone; thou must not say that thou hast ever been a man; and once a year, when I sit on the balcony in the sunshine, thou must lie at my feet, as a shadow shall do!

“Tha’ an’ me are a good bit alike,” he said.
“We was wove out of th’
same cloth.
We’re neither of us good lookin’ an’ we’re both of us as sour as we look.
We’ve got the same nasty tempers, both of us, I’ll warrant.”
This was plain speaking, and Mary Lennox had never heard the truth about herself in her life.
Native servants always salaamed and submitted to you, whatever you did.
She had never thought much about her looks, but she wondered if she was as unattractive as Ben Weatherstaff and she also wondered if she looked as sour as he had looked before the robin came.
She actually began to wonder also if she was “nasty tempered.” She felt uncomfortable.
Suddenly a clear rippling little sound broke out near her and she turned round.
She was standing a few feet from a young apple-tree and the robin had flown on to one of its branches and had burst out into a scrap of a song.
Ben Weatherstaff laughed outright.
“What did he do that for?” asked Mary.
“He’s made up his mind to make friends with thee,” replied Ben.

The mermaid sighed deeply, but she could not weep.
"He says the maiden belongs to the holy temple, therefore she will never return to the world they will meet no more.
I am by his side and see him every day.
I will take care of him, and love him, and give up my life for his sake."
Very soon it was said that the prince was to marry and that the beautiful daughter of a neighboring king would be his wife, for a fine ship was being fitted out.
Although the prince gave out that he intended merely to pay a visit to the king, it was generally supposed that he went to court the princess.
A great company were to go with him.
The little mermaid smiled and shook her head.
She knew the prince's thoughts better than any of the others.
"I must travel," he had said to her; "I must see this beautiful princess.
My parents desire it, but they will not oblige me to bring her home as my bride.
I cannot love her, because she is not like the beautiful maiden in the temple, whom you resemble.

"At first I was a pupil, and a parlor boarder; but now "
"You were a pupil!
What are you now?"
The queer little sad smile was on Sara's lips again.
"I sleep in the attic, next to the scullery maid," she said.
"I run errands for the cook I do anything she tells me; and I teach the little ones their lessons."
"Question her, Carmichael," said Mr. Carrisford, sinking back as if he had lost his strength.
"Question her; I cannot."
The big, kind father of the Large Family knew how to question little girls.
Sara realized how much practice he had had when he spoke to her in his nice, encouraging voice.
"What do you mean by 'At first,' my child?"
he inquired.
"When I was first taken there by my papa."

It was as easy a job as Elizabeth had said.
Just four quick cuts, and the thing came out of its frame like an oyster.
I rolled it up.
Old Bill had put the lantern on the floor and was at the sideboard, collecting whisky, soda, and glasses.
"We've got a long evening before us," he said.
"You can't burn a picture of that size in one chunk.
You'd set the chimney on fire.
Let's do the thing comfortably.
Clarence can't grudge us the stuff.
We've done him a bit of good this trip.
To-morrow'll be the maddest, merriest day of Clarence's glad New Year.
On we go."

We shall see nothing more of the lake till April; and this was to have been my first day upon it!
Don’t you pity me, Primrose?”
“O, to be sure!” answered Primrose, laughing.
“But, for your comfort, we will listen to another of your old stories, such as you told us under the porch, and down in the hollow, by Shadow Brook.
Perhaps I shall like them better now, when there is nothing to do, than while there were nuts to be gathered, and beautiful weather to enjoy.”
Hereupon, Periwinkle, Clover, Sweet Fern, and as many others of the little fraternity and cousinhood as were still at Tanglewood, gathered about Eustace, and earnestly besought him for a story.
The student yawned, stretched himself, and then, to the vast admiration of the small people, skipped three times hack and forth over the top of a chair, in order, as he explained to them, to set his wits in motion.
“Well, well, children,” said he, after these preliminaries, “since you insist, and Primrose has set her heart upon it, I will see what can be done for you.
And, that you may know what happy days there were before snowstorms came into fashion, I will tell you a story of the oldest of all old times, when the world was as new as Sweet Fern’s bran-new humming-top.
There was then but one season in the year, and that was the delightful summer; and but one age for mortals, and that was childhood.”
“I never heard of that before,” said Primrose.
“Of course, you never did,” answered Eustace.
“It shall be a story of what nobody but myself ever dreamed of, a Paradise of children, and how, by the naughtiness of just such a little imp as Primrose here, it all came to nothing.”
So Eustace Bright sat down in the chair which he had just been skipping over, took Cowslip upon his knee, ordered silence throughout the auditory, and began a story about a sad naughty child, whose name was Pandora, and about her playfellow Epimetheus.
You may read it, word for word, in the pages that come next.
THE PARADISE OF CHILDREN.

“Kiss it,” cried the little girl, and flung the pigeon in Gerda's face.
“Up there is the rabble of the wood,” continued she, pointing to several laths which were fastened before a hole high up in the wall; “that's the rabble; they would all fly away immediately, if they were not well fastened in.
And here is my dear old Bac”; and she laid hold of the horns of a reindeer, that had a bright copper ring round its neck, and was tethered to the spot.
“We are obliged to lock this fellow in too, or he would make his escape.
Every evening I tickle his neck with my sharp knife; he is so frightened at it!” and the little girl drew forth a long knife, from a crack in the wall, and let it glide over the Reindeer's neck.
The poor animal kicked; the girl laughed, and pulled Gerda into bed with her.
“Do you intend to keep your knife while you sleep?” asked Gerda; looking at it rather fearfully.
“I always sleep with the knife,” said the little robber maiden.
“There is no knowing what may happen.
But tell me now, once more, all about little Kay; and why you have started off in the wide world alone.” And Gerda related all, from the very beginning: the Wood-pigeons cooed above in their cage, and the others slept.
The little robber maiden wound her arm round Gerda's neck, held the knife in the other hand, and snored so loud that everybody could hear her; but Gerda could not close her eyes, for she did not know whether she was to live or die.
The robbers sat round the fire, sang and drank; and the old female robber jumped about so, that it was quite dreadful for Gerda to see her.

Rosy was ready for her new horse, and not at all afraid after the whale and the lion; so when a great eagle swooped down and alighted near her, she just looked at his sharp claws, big eyes, and crooked beak as coolly as if he had been a cock-robin.
He liked her courage, and said kindly in his rough voice, 
"Hop up, little girl, and sit among my feathers.
Hold me fast round the neck, or you may grow dizzy and get a fall."
Rosy nestled down among the thick gray feathers, and put both arms round his neck; and whiz they went, up, up, up, higher and higher, till the trees looked like grass, they were so far below.
At first it was very cold, and Rosy cuddled deeper into her feather bed; then, as they came nearer to the sun, it grew warm, and she peeped out to see the huts standing in a green spot on the top of the mountain.
"Here we are.
You'll find all the men are down in the mine at this time.
They won't come up till morning; so you will have to wait for your father.
Good-by; good luck, my dear."
And the eagle soared away, higher still, to his nest among the clouds.
It was night now, but fires were burning in all the houses; so Rosy went from hut to hut trying to find her father's, that she might rest while she waited: at last in one the picture of a pretty little girl hung on the wall, and under it was written, "My Rosy."
Then she knew that this was the right place; and she ate some supper, put on more wood, and went to bed, for she wanted to be fresh when her father came in the morning.

"Some people are afraid of them," said Sara.
"I was at first but I am not now."
"Was it a ghost?"
quaked Ermengarde.
"No," said Sara, laughing.
"It was my rat."
Ermengarde made one bound, and landed in the middle of the little dingy bed.
She tucked her feet under her nightgown and the red shawl.
She did not scream, but she gasped with fright.
"Oh!
Oh!"
she cried under her breath.

Send Colia.
He’ll play the spy with pleasure for you at least.
Ha, ha, ha!”
Hippolyte went out.
There was no reason for the prince to set anyone to watch, even if he had been capable of such a thing.
Aglaya’s command that he should stay at home all day seemed almost explained now.
Perhaps she meant to call for him, herself, or it might be, of course, that she was anxious to make sure of his not coming there, and therefore bade him remain at home.
His head whirled; the whole room seemed to be turning round.
He lay down on the sofa, and closed his eyes.
One way or the other the question was to be decided at last finally.
Oh, no, he did not think of Aglaya as a boarding-school miss, or a young lady of the conventional type!
He had long since feared that she might take some such step as this.
But why did she wish to see Nastasia?

Beware of two things buy no gallows'-flesh, and see that thou dost not sit on the brink of a well!"
With this the fox ran off into the forest!
"Ah!"
thought the young Prince, "that is a wonderful animal with very whimsical ideas!
Who would buy gallows'-flesh, and when have I ever had the slightest desire to sit on the brink of a well?"
So he rode on with the beautiful maiden, and his path led him once more through the village in which his two brothers had stopped.
Here there was great tumult and lamentation, and when he asked what it all meant, he was told that two men were going to be hanged.
When he came nearer, he saw that they were his two brothers, who had committed every kind of wicked folly and had squandered all their money.
Then the young Prince asked if they could not be freed.
"Supposing you do pay for them," the people answered, "where is the good of wasting your money in order to free such villains?"
Nevertheless, he did not hesitate, but paid for them, and when the brothers were freed they all rode away together.
They came to the forest where they first encountered the fox, and as it was cool and pleasant away from the burning sun, the two brothers said:
"Let us sit and rest a little by this well, and eat and drink something."

8.
What did Hiranya's readiness to let Laghupatin carry him show?
After flying along for several hours, the crow began to feel very tired.
He was seized too with a great desire to hear his own voice again.
So he flew to the ground, laid his little companion gently down, and gave vent to a number of hoarse cries, which quite frightened Hiranya, who timidly asked him what was the matter.
"Nothing whatever," answered Laghupatin, "except that you are not quite so light as I thought you were, and that I need a rest; besides which, I am hungry and I expect you are.
We had better stop here for the night, and start again early to-morrow morning."
Hiranya readily agreed to this, and after a good meal, which was easily found, the two settled down to sleep, the crow perched in a tree, the mouse hidden amongst its roots.
Very early the next day they were off again, and soon arrived at the river, where they were warmly welcomed by the tortoise.
The three had a long talk together, and agreed never to part again.
The tortoise, who had lived a great deal longer than either the mouse or the crow, was a very pleasant companion; and even Laghupatin, who was very fond of talking himself, liked to listen to his stories of long ago.
"I wonder," said the tortoise, whose name was Mandharaka, to the mouse, "that you are not afraid to travel about as you have done, with your soft little body unprotected by any armour.

To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to utilise all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopædias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment.
It is not so impossible, however, that a man should possess all knowledge which is likely to be useful to him in his work, and this I have endeavoured in my case to do.
If I remember rightly, you on one occasion, in the early days of our friendship, defined my limits in a very precise fashion.”
“Yes,” I answered, laughing.
“It was a singular document.
Philosophy, astronomy, and politics were marked at zero, I remember.
Botany variable, geology profound as regards the mud-stains from any region within fifty miles of town, chemistry eccentric, anatomy unsystematic, sensational literature and crime records unique, violin-player, boxer, swordsman, lawyer, and self-poisoner by cocaine and tobacco.
Those, I think, were the main points of my analysis.”
Holmes grinned at the last item.
“Well,” he said, “I say now, as I said then, that a man should keep his little brain-attic stocked with all the furniture that he is likely to use, and the rest he can put away in the lumber-room of his library, where he can get it if he wants it.
Now, for such a case as the one which has been submitted to us to-night, we need certainly to muster all our resources.
Kindly hand me down the letter K of the American Encyclopædia which stands upon the shelf beside you.
Thank you.
Now let us consider the situation and see what may be deduced from it.

Tea parties didn't amount to much, neither did picnics, unless very well conducted.
"If one could have a fine house, full of nice girls, or go traveling, the summer would be delightful, but to stay at home with three selfish sisters and a grown-up boy was enough to try the patience of a Boaz," complained Miss Malaprop, after several days devoted to pleasure, fretting, and ennui.
No one would own that they were tired of the experiment, but by Friday night each acknowledged to herself that she was glad the week was nearly done.
Hoping to impress the lesson more deeply, Mrs. March, who had a good deal of humor, resolved to finish off the trial in an appropriate manner, so she gave Hannah a holiday and let the girls enjoy the full effect of the play system.
When they got up on Saturday morning, there was no fire in the kitchen, no breakfast in the dining room, and no mother anywhere to be seen.
"Mercy on us!
What has happened?"
cried Jo, staring about her in dismay.
Meg ran upstairs and soon came back again, looking relieved but rather bewildered, and a little ashamed.
"Mother isn't sick, only very tired, and she says she is going to stay quietly in her room all day and let us do the best we can.
It's a very queer thing for her to do, she doesn't act a bit like herself.
But she says it has been a hard week for her, so we mustn't grumble but take care of ourselves."

When they had done this, they found that they had only prepared for themselves greater troubles, for their mistress, no longer hearing the hour from the cock, woke them up to their work in the middle of the night.
The Shepherd’s Boy and the Wolf 
A SHEPHERD-BOY, who watched a flock of sheep near a village, brought out the villagers three or four times by crying out, “Wolf!
Wolf!” and when his neighbors came to help him, laughed at them for their pains.
The Wolf, however, did truly come at last.
The Shepherd-boy, now really alarmed, shouted in an agony of terror: “Pray, do come and help me; the Wolf is killing the sheep;” but no one paid any heed to his cries, nor rendered any assistance.
The Wolf, having no cause of fear, at his leisure lacerated or destroyed the whole flock.
There is no believing a liar, even when he speaks the truth.
The Cat and the Birds 
A CAT, hearing that the Birds in a certain aviary were ailing dressed himself up as a physician, and, taking his cane and a bag of instruments becoming his profession, went to call on them.
He knocked at the door and inquired of the inmates how they all did, saying that if they were ill, he would be happy to prescribe for them and cure them.
They replied, “We are all very well, and shall continue so, if you will only be good enough to go away, and leave us as we are.”
The Kid and the Wolf 
A KID standing on the roof of a house, out of harm’s way, saw a Wolf passing by and immediately began to taunt and revile him.
The Wolf, looking up, said, “Sirrah!
I hear thee: yet it is not thou who mockest me, but the roof on which thou art standing.”
Time and place often give the advantage to the weak over the strong.

The mother stork tried to comfort her young ones.
"Don't mind them," she said; "see how quiet your father stands on one leg there."
"But we are afraid," said the little ones, drawing back their beaks into the nest.
The children assembled again on the next day, and no sooner did they see the storks than they again began their song:
          "The first will be hanged,            The second be hit."
"Tell us, are we to be hanged and burned?"
asked the young storks.
"No, no; certainly not," replied the mother.
"You are to learn to fly, and then we shall pay a visit to the frogs.
They will bow to us in the water and sing 'Croak!
croak!'
and we shall eat them up, and that will be a great treat."
"And then what?"

CHAPTER III.
And what of the little lame prince, whom everybody seemed so easily to have forgotten?
Not everybody.
There were a few kind souls, mothers of families, who had heard his sad story, and some servants about the palace, who had been familiar with his sweet ways these many a time sighed and said, "Poor Prince Dolor!"
Or, looking at the Beautiful Mountains, which were visible all over Nomansland, though few people ever visited them, "Well, perhaps his Royal Highness is better where he is."
They did not know that beyond the mountains, between them and the sea, lay a tract of country, level, barren, except for a short stunted grass, and here and there a patch of tiny flowers.
Not a bush not a tree not a resting place for bird or beast in that dreary plain.
It was not a pleasant place to live.
The only sign that human creatures had ever been near the spot was a large round tower which rose up in the centre of the plain.
In form it resembled the Irish round towers, which have puzzled people for so long, nobody being able to find out when, or by whom they were made.
It was circular, of very firm brickwork, with neither doors nor windows, until near the top, when you could perceive some slits in the wall, through which one could not possibly creep in or look out.
Its height was nearly a hundred feet.

and what long snouts, instead of Grecian noses!
But brutes as they certainly were, they yet had enough of human nature in them to be shocked at their own hideousness; and still intending to groan, they uttered a viler grunt and squeal than before.
So harsh and ear-piercing it was, that you would have fancied a butcher was sticking his knife into each of their throats, or, at the very least, that somebody was pulling every hog by his funny little twist of a tail.
"Begone to your sty!"
cried the enchantress, giving them some smart strokes with her wand; and then she turned to the serving men "Drive out these swine, and throw down some acorns for them to eat."
The door of the saloon being flung open, the drove of hogs ran in all directions save the right one, in accordance with their hoggish perversity, but were finally driven into the back yard of the palace.
It was a sight to bring tears into one's eyes (and I hope none of you will be cruel enough to laugh at it), to see the poor creatures go snuffing along, picking up here a cabbage leaf and there a turnip top, and rooting their noses in the earth for whatever they could find.
In their sty, moreover, they behaved more piggishly than the pigs that had been born so; for they bit and snorted at one another, put their feet in the trough, and gobbled up their victuals in a ridiculous hurry; and, when there was nothing more to be had, they made a great pile of themselves among some unclean straw, and fell fast asleep.
If they had any human reason left, it was just enough to keep them wondering when they should be slaughtered, and what quality of bacon they should make.
Meantime, as I told you before, Eurylochus had waited, and waited, and waited, in the entrance hall of the palace, without being able to comprehend what had befallen his friends.
At last, when the swinish uproar resounded through the palace, and when he saw the image of a hog in the marble basin, he thought it best to hasten back to the vessel, and inform the wise Ulysses of these marvelous occurrences.
So he ran as fast as he could down the steps, and never stopped to draw breath till he reached the shore.

When the ladies withdrew to the drawing-room after dinner, this poverty was particularly evident, for the gentlemen HAD supplied the discourse with some variety the variety of politics, inclosing land, and breaking horses but then it was all over; and one subject only engaged the ladies till coffee came in, which was the comparative heights of Harry Dashwood, and Lady Middleton's second son William, who were nearly of the same age.
Had both the children been there, the affair might have been determined too easily by measuring them at once; but as Harry only was present, it was all conjectural assertion on both sides; and every body had a right to be equally positive in their opinion, and to repeat it over and over again as often as they liked.
The parties stood thus:
The two mothers, though each really convinced that her own son was the tallest, politely decided in favour of the other.
The two grandmothers, with not less partiality, but more sincerity, were equally earnest in support of their own descendant.
Lucy, who was hardly less anxious to please one parent than the other, thought the boys were both remarkably tall for their age, and could not conceive that there could be the smallest difference in the world between them; and Miss Steele, with yet greater address gave it, as fast as she could, in favour of each.
Elinor, having once delivered her opinion on William's side, by which she offended Mrs. Ferrars and Fanny still more, did not see the necessity of enforcing it by any farther assertion; and Marianne, when called on for hers, offended them all, by declaring that she had no opinion to give, as she had never thought about it.
Before her removing from Norland, Elinor had painted a very pretty pair of screens for her sister-in-law, which being now just mounted and brought home, ornamented her present drawing room; and these screens, catching the eye of John Dashwood on his following the other gentlemen into the room, were officiously handed by him to Colonel Brandon for his admiration.
"These are done by my eldest sister," said he; "and you, as a man of taste, will, I dare say, be pleased with them.
I do not know whether you have ever happened to see any of her performances before, but she is in general reckoned to draw extremely well."
The Colonel, though disclaiming all pretensions to connoisseurship, warmly admired the screens, as he would have done any thing painted by Miss Dashwood; and on the curiosity of the others being of course excited, they were handed round for general inspection.
Mrs. Ferrars, not aware of their being Elinor's work, particularly requested to look at them; and after they had received gratifying testimony of Lady Middletons's approbation, Fanny presented them to her mother, considerately informing her, at the same time, that they were done by Miss Dashwood.
"Hum" said Mrs. Ferrars "very pretty," and without regarding them at all, returned them to her daughter.

A narrow passage led directly through the house into the garden behind.
On each side of the entrance was a sitting room, about sixteen feet square; and beyond them were the offices and the stairs.
Four bed-rooms and two garrets formed the rest of the house.
It had not been built many years and was in good repair.
In comparison of Norland, it was poor and small indeed!
but the tears which recollection called forth as they entered the house were soon dried away.
They were cheered by the joy of the servants on their arrival, and each for the sake of the others resolved to appear happy.
It was very early in September; the season was fine, and from first seeing the place under the advantage of good weather, they received an impression in its favour which was of material service in recommending it to their lasting approbation.
The situation of the house was good.
High hills rose immediately behind, and at no great distance on each side; some of which were open downs, the others cultivated and woody.
The village of Barton was chiefly on one of these hills, and formed a pleasant view from the cottage windows.
The prospect in front was more extensive; it commanded the whole of the valley, and reached into the country beyond.

It's the most valuable thing imaginable!
I thought I would give it to you, because because you are different from other people."
"Am I?"
asked the prince with tears in his eyes.
She touched his poor little legs.
"These are not like the legs of other little boys."
"Indeed!
my nurse never told me that."
"I tell you, because I love you."
"Tell me what, dear godmother?"
"That you will never be able to walk, or run, or jump, but your life may be a very happy life for all that.
Do not be afraid."

went both of the children; and then they stopped themselves, and stuffed the covering into their mouths.
The papa lifted himself on his elbow and stared severely at them, first at one, and then at the other.
"Have you finished?"
he asked, as if they had interrupted him; but he really wanted to gain time, so as to think up a story of some kind.
The children were afraid to say anything, and the papa went on with freezing politeness: "Because if you have, I might like to say something myself.
This story is about a Prince and a Princess, but the thing of it is that they had names almost exactly alike.
They were twins; the Prince was a boy and the Princess was a girl; that was a point that their fairy godmother carried against the wicked enchantress who tried to have it just the other way; but it made the wicked enchantress so mad that the fairy godmother had to give in to her a little, and let them be named almost exactly alike."
Here the papa stopped, and after waiting for him to go on, the nephew ventured to ask, very respectfully indeed, "Would you mind telling us what their names were, uncle?"
The papa rubbed his forehead.
"I have such a bad memory for names.
Hold on!
Wait a minute!

"I'll go and tell Amy," said Meg, feeling a little hurt, yet rather relieved on the whole, for she did not like nursing, and Jo did.
Amy rebelled outright, and passionately declared that she had rather have the fever than go to Aunt March.
Meg reasoned, pleaded, and commanded, all in vain.
Amy protested that she would not go, and Meg left her in despair to ask Hannah what should be done.
Before she came back, Laurie walked into the parlor to find Amy sobbing, with her head in the sofa cushions.
She told her story, expecting to be consoled, but Laurie only put his hands in his pockets and walked about the room, whistling softly, as he knit his brows in deep thought.
Presently he sat down beside her, and said, in his most wheedlesome tone, "Now be a sensible little woman, and do as they say.
No, don't cry, but hear what a jolly plan I've got.
You go to Aunt March's, and I'll come and take you out every day, driving or walking, and we'll have capital times.
Won't that be better than moping here?"
"I don't wish to be sent off as if I was in the way," began Amy, in an injured voice.
"Bless your heart, child, it's to keep you well.

“To travel!
to travel!” exclaimed he, overcome by most painful and passionate remembrances.
“That is the happiest thing in the world!
That is the highest aim of all my wishes!
Then at last would the agonizing restlessness be allayed, which destroys my existence!
But it must be far, far away!
I would behold magnificent Switzerland; I would travel to Italy, and ”
It was a good thing that the power of the Galoshes worked as instantaneously as lightning in a powder-magazine would do, otherwise the poor man with his overstrained wishes would have travelled about the world too much for himself as well as for us.
In short, he was travelling.
He was in the middle of Switzerland, but packed up with eight other passengers in the inside of an eternally-creaking diligence; his head ached till it almost split, his weary neck could hardly bear the heavy load, and his feet, pinched by his torturing boots, were terribly swollen.
He was in an intermediate state between sleeping and waking; at variance with himself, with his company, with the country, and with the government.
In his right pocket he had his letter of credit, in the left, his passport, and in a small leathern purse some double louis d'or, carefully sewn up in the bosom of his waistcoat.
Every dream proclaimed that one or the other of these valuables was lost; wherefore he started up as in a fever; and the first movement which his hand made, described a magic triangle from the right pocket to the left, and then up towards the bosom, to feel if he had them all safe or not.

When the fox felt the first sting, he started so that he drew up one leg, with the pain, but he bore it, and still kept his tail high in the air; at the second sting, he was forced to put it down for a moment; at the third, he could hold out no longer, and screamed out and put his tail between his legs.
When the animals saw that, they thought all was lost, and began to fly, each into his hole and the birds had won the battle.
Then the King and Queen flew home to their children and cried, “Children, rejoice, eat and drink to your heart’s content, we have won the battle!” But the young wrens said, “We will not eat yet, the bear must come to the nest, and beg for pardon and say that we are honorable children, before we will do that.” Then the willow-wren flew to the bear’s hole and cried, “Growler, thou art to come to the nest to my children, and beg their pardon, or else every rib of thy body shall be broken.” So the bear crept thither in the greatest fear, and begged their pardon.
And now at last the young wrens were satisfied, and sat down together and ate and drank, and made merry till quite late into the night.
103 Sweet Porridge 
There was a poor but good little girl who lived alone with her mother, and they no longer had anything to eat.
So the child went into the forest, and there an aged woman met her who was aware of her sorrow, and presented her with a little pot, which when she said, “Cook, little pot, cook,” would cook good, sweet porridge, and when she said, “Stop, little pot,” it ceased to cook.
The girl took the pot home to her mother, and now they were freed from their poverty and hunger, and ate sweet porridge as often as they chose.
Once on a time when the girl had gone out, her mother said, “Cook, little pot, cook.” And it did cook and she ate till she was satisfied, and then she wanted the pot to stop cooking, but did not know the word.
So it went on cooking and the porridge rose over the edge, and still it cooked on until the kitchen and whole house were full, and then the next house, and then the whole street, just as if it wanted to satisfy the hunger of the whole world, and there was the greatest distress, but no one knew how to stop it.
At last when only one single house remained, the child came home and just said, “Stop, little pot,” and it stopped and gave up cooking, and whosoever wished to return to the town had to eat his way back.
104 Wise Folks 
One day a peasant took his good hazel-stick out of the corner and said to his wife, “Trina, I am going across country, and shall not return for three days.
If during that time the cattle-dealer should happen to call and want to buy our three cows, you may strike a bargain at once, but not unless you can get two hundred thalers for them; nothing less, do you hear?” “For heaven’s sake just go in peace,” answered the woman, “I will manage that.” “You, indeed,” said the man.

Two of her tears wetted his eyes and they grew clear again, and he could see with them as before.
He led her to his kingdom where he was joyfully received, and they lived for a long time afterwards, happy and contented.
13 The Three Little Men in the Wood 
There was once a man whose wife died, and a woman whose husband died, and the man had a daughter, and the woman also had a daughter.
The girls were acquainted with each other, and went out walking together, and afterwards came to the woman in her house.
Then said she to the man’s daughter, “Listen, tell thy father that I would like to marry him, and then thou shalt wash thyself in milk every morning, and drink wine, but my own daughter shall wash herself in water and drink water.”
The girl went home, and told her father what the woman had said.
The man said, “What shall I do?
Marriage is a joy and also a torment.” At length as he could come to no decision, he pulled off his boot, and said, “Take this boot, it has a hole in the sole of it.
Go with it up to the loft, hang it on the big nail, and then pour water into it.
If it hold the water, then I will again take a wife, but if it run through, I will not.” The girl did as she was ordered, but the water drew the hole together, and the boot became full to the top.
She informed her father how it had turned out.
Then he himself went up, and when he saw that she was right, he went to the widow and wooed her, and the wedding was celebrated.
The next morning, when the two girls got up, there stood before the man’s daughter milk for her to wash in and wine for her to drink, but before the woman’s daughter stood water to wash herself with and water for drinking.

Beauty screamed and clung to her father.
"Don't be frightened," said the Beast gently, "but tell me, do you come here of your own free will?"
"Yes," said Beauty, trembling.
"You are a good girl," said the Beast, and then, turning to the old man, he told him that he might sleep there for that night, but in the morning he must go and leave his daughter behind him.
They went to bed and slept soundly, and the next morning the father departed, weeping bitterly.
Beauty, left alone, tried not to feel frightened.
She ran here and there through the palace, and found it more beautiful than anything she had ever imagined.
The most beautiful set of rooms in the palace had written over the doors, "Beauty's Rooms," and in them she found books and music, canary-birds and Persian cats, and everything that could be thought of to make the time pass pleasantly.
"Oh, dear!"
she said; "if only I could see my poor father I should be almost happy."
As she spoke, she happened to look at a big mirror, and in it she saw the form of her father reflected, just riding up to the door of his cottage.
That night, when Beauty sat down to supper, the Beast came in.

how you talk!'
says Laura.
'You oughter be ashamed of yourself!'
But when I get the dish filled up with apples there ain't a Baldwin in all the lot that can compare with the bright red of Laura's cheeks.
An' Laura knows it, too, an' she sees the mouse again, an' screams, and then the candle goes out, and we are in a dreadful stew.
But I, bein' almost a man, contrive to bear up under it, and knowin' she is an orph'n, I comfort an' encourage Laura the best I know how, and we are almost upstairs when Mother comes to the door and wants to know what has kep'
us so long.
Jest as if Mother doesn't know!
Of course she does; an'
when Mother kisses Laura good-bye that night there is in the act a tenderness that speaks more sweetly than even Mother's words.
"It is so like Mother," mused Ezra; "so like her with her gentleness an' clingin' love.
Hers is the sweetest picture of all, and hers the best love."
Dream on, Ezra; dream of the old home with its dear ones, its holy influences, and its precious inspiration!
Mother.

Still, he was sufficiently touched by his aunt's grief to long to rush out from under the bed and overwhelm her with joy and the theatrical gorgeousness of the thing appealed strongly to his nature, too, but he resisted and lay still.
He went on listening, and gathered by odds and ends that it was conjectured at first that the boys had got drowned while taking a swim; then the small raft had been missed; next, certain boys said the missing lads had promised that the village should “hear something” soon; the wise-heads had “put this and that together” and decided that the lads had gone off on that raft and would turn up at the next town below, presently; but toward noon the raft had been found, lodged against the Missouri shore some five or six miles below the village and then hope perished; they must be drowned, else hunger would have driven them home by nightfall if not sooner.
It was believed that the search for the bodies had been a fruitless effort merely because the drowning must have occurred in mid-channel, since the boys, being good swimmers, would otherwise have escaped to shore.
This was Wednesday night.
If the bodies continued missing until Sunday, all hope would be given over, and the funerals would be preached on that morning.
Tom shuddered.
Mrs. Harper gave a sobbing goodnight and turned to go.
Then with a mutual impulse the two bereaved women flung themselves into each other's arms and had a good, consoling cry, and then parted.
Aunt Polly was tender far beyond her wont, in her goodnight to Sid and Mary.
Sid snuffled a bit and Mary went off crying with all her heart.
Aunt Polly knelt down and prayed for Tom so touchingly, so appealingly, and with such measureless love in her words and her old trembling voice, that he was weltering in tears again, long before she was through.
He had to keep still long after she went to bed, for she kept making broken-hearted ejaculations from time to time, tossing unrestfully, and turning over.

In another instant he stood at the side of the hole and was hauling after him a companion, lithe and small like himself, with a pale face and a shock of very red hair.
“It’s all clear,” he whispered.
“Have you the chisel and the bags?
Great Scott!
Jump, Archie, jump, and I’ll swing for it!”
Sherlock Holmes had sprung out and seized the intruder by the collar.
The other dived down the hole, and I heard the sound of rending cloth as Jones clutched at his skirts.
The light flashed upon the barrel of a revolver, but Holmes’ hunting crop came down on the man’s wrist, and the pistol clinked upon the stone floor.
“It’s no use, John Clay,” said Holmes blandly.
“You have no chance at all.”
“So I see,” the other answered with the utmost coolness.
“I fancy that my pal is all right, though I see you have got his coat-tails.”
“There are three men waiting for him at the door,” said Holmes.
“Oh, indeed!
You seem to have done the thing very completely.

For that had happened at this moment, which for two months had been his nightmare; which had filled his soul with dread and shame the meeting between his father and Nastasia Philipovna.
He had often tried to imagine such an event, but had found the picture too mortifying and exasperating, and had quietly dropped it.
Very likely he anticipated far worse things than was at all necessary; it is often so with vain persons.
He had long since determined, therefore, to get his father out of the way, anywhere, before his marriage, in order to avoid such a meeting; but when Nastasia entered the room just now, he had been so overwhelmed with astonishment, that he had not thought of his father, and had made no arrangements to keep him out of the way.
And now it was too late there he was, and got up, too, in a dress coat and white tie, and Nastasia in the very humour to heap ridicule on him and his family circle; of this last fact, he felt quite persuaded.
What else had she come for?
There were his mother and his sister sitting before her, and she seemed to have forgotten their very existence already; and if she behaved like that, he thought, she must have some object in view.
Ferdishenko led the general up to Nastasia Philipovna.
“Ardalion Alexandrovitch Ivolgin,” said the smiling general, with a low bow of great dignity, “an old soldier, unfortunate, and the father of this family; but happy in the hope of including in that family so exquisite ”
He did not finish his sentence, for at this moment Ferdishenko pushed a chair up from behind, and the general, not very firm on his legs, at this post-prandial hour, flopped into it backwards.
It was always a difficult thing to put this warrior to confusion, and his sudden descent left him as composed as before.
He had sat down just opposite to Nastasia, whose fingers he now took, and raised to his lips with great elegance, and much courtesy.
The general had once belonged to a very select circle of society, but he had been turned out of it two or three years since on account of certain weaknesses, in which he now indulged with all the less restraint; but his good manners remained with him to this day, in spite of all.

He was feeling particularly disagreeable on the morning when Orpheus began playing his lute near his farm.
And when Eurydice, whom Orpheus so loved, approached him to ask for a comb of his delicious honey for dinner for the two, Aristaeus entirely lost his temper.
He not only refused the nymph, which no one but a very stingy person could have done, for she smiled at him so winningly and asked for it so politely; but he chased Eurydice off his farm.
No one had treated Eurydice so rudely in all her life before.
Even Pan had gathered flowers for her to twine into garlands and had refrained from teasing her as he did almost all the other nymphs.
And here she was, a long distance from Orpheus and pursued by an ugly tempered country man!
Eurydice ran like the wind, the bee-man coming fast behind her.
She was much fleeter than he and would have reached the woods safely, but she stepped suddenly on a snake that she had not seen as it lay coiled up in the grass.
The snake stung Eurydice's bare feet and she dropped down on the ground.
"It serves her right!"
the bee-man said, not going to see how badly she was hurt.
And with that he went back to his bees.

“You are a noble heart.
Did I say we could depend upon no better man?
Tell her, to-night, what you know of her danger as involving her child and her father.
Dwell upon that, for she would lay her own fair head beside her husband's cheerfully.” He faltered for an instant; then went on as before.
“For the sake of her child and her father, press upon her the necessity of leaving Paris, with them and you, at that hour.
Tell her that it was her husband's last arrangement.
Tell her that more depends upon it than she dare believe, or hope.
You think that her father, even in this sad state, will submit himself to her; do you not?”
“I am sure of it.”
“I thought so.
Quietly and steadily have all these arrangements made in the courtyard here, even to the taking of your own seat in the carriage.
The moment I come to you, take me in, and drive away.”
“I understand that I wait for you under all circumstances?”
“You have my certificate in your hand with the rest, you know, and will reserve my place.
Wait for nothing but to have my place occupied, and then for England!”
“Why, then,” said Mr. Lorry, grasping his eager but so firm and steady hand, “it does not all depend on one old man, but I shall have a young and ardent man at my side.”
“By the help of Heaven you shall!
Promise me solemnly that nothing will influence you to alter the course on which we now stand pledged to one another.”
“Nothing, Carton.”
“Remember these words to-morrow: change the course, or delay in it for any reason and no life can possibly be saved, and many lives must inevitably be sacrificed.”
“I will remember them.

Here, she knew, dwelt the executioner; and she tapped with her fingers at the window, and said, “Come out!
Come out!
I cannot come in, for I am forced to dance!”
And the executioner said, “Thou dost not know who I am, I fancy?
I strike bad people's heads off; and I hear that my axe rings!”
“Don't strike my head off!” said Karen.
“Then I can't repent of my sins!
But strike off my feet in the red shoes!”
And then she confessed her entire sin, and the executioner struck off her feet with the red shoes, but the shoes danced away with the little feet across the field into the deep wood.
And he carved out little wooden feet for her, and crutches, taught her the psalm criminals always sing; and she kissed the hand which had wielded the axe, and went over the heath.
“Now I have suffered enough for the red shoes!” said she.
“Now I will go into the church that people may see me!” And she hastened towards the church door: but when she was near it, the red shoes danced before her, and she was terrified, and turned round.
The whole week she was unhappy, and wept many bitter tears; but when Sunday returned, she said, “Well, now I have suffered and struggled enough!
I really believe I am as good as many a one who sits in the church, and holds her head so high!”
And away she went boldly; but she had not got farther than the churchyard gate before she saw the red shoes dancing before her; and she was frightened, and turned back, and repented of her sin from her heart.
And she went to the parsonage, and begged that they would take her into service; she would be very industrious, she said, and would do everything she could; she did not care about the wages, only she wished to have a home, and be with good people.

HOW A HUNTRESS BECAME A BEAR.
Although Juno was the queen of the gods she had a failing that is common to mortals.
She was very jealous, and particularly of any maiden of Earth whom she fancied might sometime be given a place by Jupiter among the great family of the gods on Mount Olympus.
As soon as Juno saw Callisto, a beautiful huntress of the forests of Arcadia, she disliked her.
Perhaps Juno would have liked to be free to roam through the woods where Pan played his music for dancing and the Dryads sported from one season to another as Callisto did.
The goddess may have envied the huntress her happy, free life with no royal duties to interfere with her daily chase of the deer or any heavy crown to keep the breezes from tossing her long dark hair.
Callisto reverenced Jupiter and Juno alike, with no thought that she might be arousing the displeasure of the goddess, but one day a strange and fearful thing happened to her.
She had just raised her bow to her shoulder ready to shoot an arrow as straight as a dart through the green path of the forest when it suddenly struck her hand and she fell to the moss upon her hands and knees.
She tried to reach out her arms in supplication but they had become thick and heavy and were covered with long black hair.
Her hands grew rounded, were armed with crooked claws and served her for feet.
Her voice, which had been so sweet that it charmed the birds when she called to them, changed to a terrifying growl.
Callisto raised herself as well as she could, lifting up her paws to beg mercy of the gods and uttering frightful roars as she bemoaned her fate.

When she went into the room which had been made into a nursery for her, she found that it was rather like the one she had slept in.
It was not a child’s room, but a grown-up person’s room, with gloomy old pictures on the walls and heavy old oak chairs.
A table in the center was set with a good substantial breakfast.
But she had always had a very small appetite, and she looked with something more than indifference at the first plate Martha set before her.
“I don’t want it,” she said.
“Tha’ doesn’t want thy porridge!” Martha exclaimed incredulously.
“No.”
“Tha’ doesn’t know how good it is.
Put a bit o’ treacle on it or a bit o’ sugar.”
“I don’t want it,” repeated Mary.
“Eh!” said Martha.
“I can’t abide to see good victuals go to waste.
If our children was at this table they’d clean it bare in five minutes.”
“Why?” said Mary coldly.
“Why!” echoed Martha.

When this was safely accomplished, the first thing that the giant did was to stretch himself; and you may imagine what a prodigious spectacle he was then.
Next, he slowly lifted one of his feet out of the forest that had grown up around it; then, the other.
Then, all at once, he began to caper, and leap, and dance, for joy at his freedom; flinging himself nobody knows how high into the air, and floundering down again with a shock that made the earth tremble.
Then he laughed Ho!
ho!
ho!
with a thunderous roar that was echoed from the mountains, far and near, as if they and the giant had been so many rejoicing brothers.
When his joy had a little subsided, he stepped into the sea; ten miles at the first stride, which brought him midleg deep; and ten miles at the second, when the water came just above his knees; and ten miles more at the third, by which he was immersed nearly to his waist.
This was the greatest depth of the sea.
Hercules watched the giant, as he still went onward; for it was really a wonderful sight, this immense human form, more than thirty miles off, half hidden in the ocean, but with his upper half as tall, and misty, and blue, as a distant mountain.
At last the gigantic shape faded entirely out of view.
And now Hercules began to consider what he should do, in case Atlas should be drowned in the sea, or if he were to be stung to death by the dragon with the hundred heads, which guarded the golden apples of the Hesperides.

You have now had three of this day's allowance.
It is still some hours before noon, so I advise you to be careful.
If you exceed the allowance  "
Here she paused, and glowered through her spectacles in a very dreadful manner.
"Oh, dear!"
cried Chimborazo.
"What will happen then?"
"You will see!"
said the fairy godmother, with a nod.
"Something will happen, you may be very sure of that.
Good-by.
Remember, only forty-five!"
And away she flew out of the window.

His fleet was not so large as the Armada, and the ships were small, but they were light and fast.
They met the Armada in the English Channel, and sailed round it, attacking any ship that dropped out of line, and speeding away before the clumsy Spanish vessels could seize them.
In this way they did much harm to the enemy.
Then, one night, when it was dark, and the Spanish vessels were lying quietly at anchor, Admiral Drake sent eight blazing fire-ships into their midst.
In great fear, the Spaniards cut their anchor-ropes, and sailed out to the open sea, and the English ships followed, firing upon them as they fled.
For two days the English chased the flying Spaniards.
Then their powder and shot failed, and a storm arose; so they had to go back.
The Armada sailed on, hoping to escape, but the wild tempest tossed many of the great vessels on the rocks and cliffs of the coast, and dashed them to pieces.
Only a few, broken and battered, with starving and weary men on board, ever reached Spain again.
And so England was saved.
The Defence of Lathom House
Lathom House is an old English castle.
When the war broke out between King Charles I and his people, the Earl of Derby, who was the master of this castle, went away to fight for the king.

They brought to the tree's memory the light that it had seen in the eyes of a child and in the eyes of lovers who had once met beneath the branches of the old oak.
These were wonderful and happy moments for the old oak, full of peace and joy; and yet amidst all this happiness, the tree felt a yearning desire that all the other trees, bushes, herbs, and flowers beneath it might also be able to rise higher, to see all this splendor and experience the same happiness.
The grand, majestic oak could not be quite happy in its enjoyment until all the rest, both great and small, could share it.
And this feeling of yearning trembled through every branch, through every leaf, as warmly and fervently as through a human heart.
The summit of the tree waved to and fro and bent downwards, as if in its silent longing it sought something.
Then there came to it the fragrance of thyme and the more powerful scent of honeysuckle and violets, and the tree fancied it heard the note of the cuckoo.
At length its longing was satisfied.
Up through the clouds came the green summits of the forest trees, and the oak watched them rising higher and higher.
Bush and herb shot upward, and some even tore themselves up by the roots to rise more quickly.
The quickest of all was the birch tree.
Like a lightning flash the slender stem shot upwards in a zigzag line, the branches spreading round it like green gauze and banners.
Every native of the wood, even to the brown and feathery rushes, grew with the rest, while the birds ascended with the melody of song.

Captain Smollett, the squire, and Dr. Livesey were talking together on the quarter-deck, and anxious as I was to tell them my story, I durst not interrupt them openly.
While I was still casting about in my thoughts to find some probable excuse, Dr. Livesey called me to his side.
He had left his pipe below, and being a slave to tobacco, had meant that I should fetch it; but as soon as I was near enough to speak and not to be overheard, I broke immediately, “Doctor, let me speak.
Get the captain and squire down to the cabin, and then make some pretence to send for me.
I have terrible news.”
The doctor changed countenance a little, but next moment he was master of himself.
“Thank you, Jim,” said he quite loudly, “that was all I wanted to know,”
 as if he had asked me a question.
And with that he turned on his heel and rejoined the other two.
They spoke together for a little, and though none of them started, or raised his voice, or so much as whistled, it was plain enough that Dr. Livesey had communicated my request, for the next thing that I heard was the captain giving an order to Job Anderson, and all hands were piped on deck.
“My lads,” said Captain Smollett, “I've a word to say to you.
This land that we have sighted is the place we have been sailing for.
Mr.
Trelawney, being a very open-handed gentleman, as we all know, has just asked me a word or two, and as I was able to tell him that every man on board had done his duty, alow and aloft, as I never ask to see it done better, why, he and I and the doctor are going below to the cabin to drink YOUR health and luck, and you'll have grog served out for you to drink OUR health and luck.
I'll tell you what I think of this: I think it handsome.

It had never occurred to me until that moment that there was any need to economise them, and I had wasted almost half the box in astonishing the Overworlders, to whom fire was a novelty.
Now, as I say, I had four left, and while I stood in the dark, a hand touched mine, lank fingers came feeling over my face, and I was sensible of a peculiar unpleasant odour.
I fancied I heard the breathing of a crowd of those dreadful little beings about me.
I felt the box of matches in my hand being gently disengaged, and other hands behind me plucking at my clothing.
The sense of these unseen creatures examining me was indescribably unpleasant.
The sudden realisation of my ignorance of their ways of thinking and doing came home to me very vividly in the darkness.
I shouted at them as loudly as I could.
They started away, and then I could feel them approaching me again.
They clutched at me more boldly, whispering odd sounds to each other.
I shivered violently, and shouted again—rather discordantly.
This time they were not so seriously alarmed, and they made a queer laughing noise as they came back at me.
I will confess I was horribly frightened.

"I described the giant as he appeared to me," replied the student, rather piqued.
"And, sir, if you would only bring your mind into such a relation with these fables as is necessary in order to remodel them, you would see at once that an old Greek had no more exclusive right to them than a modern Yankee has.
They are the common property of the world, and of all time.
The ancient poets remodeled them at pleasure, and held them plastic in their hands; and why should they not be plastic in my hands as well?"
Mr. Pringle could not forbear a smile.
"And besides," continued Eustace, "the moment you put any warmth of heart, any passion or affection, any human or divine morality, into a classic mould, you make it quite another thing from what it was before.
My own opinion is, that the Greeks, by taking possession of these legends (which were the immemorial birthright of mankind), and putting them into shapes of indestructible beauty, indeed, but cold and heartless, have done all subsequent ages an incalculable injury."
"Which you, doubtless, were born to remedy," said Mr. Pringle, laughing outright.
"Well, well, go on; but take my advice, and never put any of your travesties on paper.
And, as your next effort, what if you should try your hand on some one of the legends of Apollo?"
"Ah, sir, you propose it as an impossibility," observed the student, after a moment's meditation; "and, to be sure, at first thought, the idea of a Gothic Apollo strikes one rather ludicrously.
But I will turn over your suggestion in my mind, and do not quite despair of success."

By Eliza Leslie (1787-1858)
Mrs. Morland, a polished and accomplished woman, was the widow of a distinguished senator from one of the western states, of which, also, her husband had twice filled the office of governor.
Her daughter having completed her education at the best boarding-school in Philadelphia, and her son being about to graduate at Princeton, the mother had planned with her children a tour to Niagara and the lakes, returning by way of Boston.
On leaving Philadelphia, Mrs. Morland and the delighted Caroline stopped at Princeton to be present at the annual commencement, and had the happiness of seeing their beloved Edward receive his diploma as bachelor of arts; after hearing him deliver, with great applause, an oration on the beauties of the American character.
College youths are very prone to treat on subjects that imply great experience of the world.
But Edward Morland was full of kind feeling for everything and everybody; and his views of life had hitherto been tinted with a perpetual rose-color.
Mrs. Morland, not depending altogether upon the celebrity of her late husband, and wishing that her children should see specimens of the best society in the northern cities, had left home with numerous letters of introduction.
But when they arrived at New York, she found to her great regret, that having unpacked and taken out her small traveling desk, during her short stay in Philadelphia, she had strangely left it behind in the closet of her room at the hotel.
In this desk were deposited all her letters, except two which had been offered to her by friends in Philadelphia.
The young people, impatient to see the wonders of Niagara, had entreated her to stay but a day or two in the city of New York, and thought these two letters would be quite sufficient for the present.
In the meantime she wrote back to the hotel, requesting that the missing desk should be forwarded to New York as soon as possible.
On the morning after their arrival at the great commercial metropolis of America, the Morland family took a carriage to ride round through the principal parts of the city, and to deliver their two letters at the houses to which they were addressed, and which were both situated in the region that lies between the upper part of Broadway and the North River.
In one of the most fashionable streets they found the elegant mansion of Mrs. St. Leonard; but on stopping at the door, were informed that its mistress was not at home.

Laurie dashed downstairs for water, while Meg and Hannah supported her, and Jo read aloud, in a frightened voice...
    Mrs. March:
    Your husband is very ill.  Come at once.
S.  HALE     Blank Hospital, Washington.
How still the room was as they listened breathlessly, how strangely the day darkened outside, and how suddenly the whole world seemed to change, as the girls gathered about their mother, feeling as if all the happiness and support of their lives was about to be taken from them.
Mrs. March was herself again directly, read the message over, and stretched out her arms to her daughters, saying, in a tone they never forgot, "I shall go at once, but it may be too late.
Oh, children, children, help me to bear it!"
For several minutes there was nothing but the sound of sobbing in the room, mingled with broken words of comfort, tender assurances of help, and hopeful whispers that died away in tears.
Poor Hannah was the first to recover, and with unconscious wisdom she set all the rest a good example, for with her, work was panacea for most afflictions.
"The Lord keep the dear man!
I won't waste no time a-cryin', but git your things ready right away, mum," she said heartily, as she wiped her face on her apron, gave her mistress a warm shake of the hand with her own hard one, and went away to work like three women in one.
"She's right, there's no time for tears now.
Be calm, girls, and let me think."
They tried to be calm, poor things, as their mother sat up, looking pale but steady, and put away her grief to think and plan for them.

Joy at the sight of her he felt, keen and almost painful, but no surprise.
The shock had stunned his sense of wonder.
She was wearing a calico apron over her dress, an apron that had evidently been designed for a large woman.
Swathed in its folds, she suggested a child playing at being grown up.
Her sleeves were rolled back to the elbow, and her slim arms dripped with water.
Strands of brown hair were blowing loose in the evening breeze.
To John she had never seemed so bewitchingly pretty.
He stared at her till the pallor of her face gave way to a warm red glow.
As they stood there, speechless, there came from the other side of the chimney, softly at first, then swelling, the sound of a child's voice, raised in a tentative wail.
Betty started violently.
The next moment she was gone, and from the unseen parts beyond the chimney came the noise of splashing water.
And at the same instant, through the trap, came a trampling of feet and the sound of whispering.

The chappie seemed troubled.
"You really won't meet the rest of them?"
"No!"
"Well, then, I guess we'll be going."
They went out, and there was a pretty solid silence.
Then old Chiswick turned to Bicky:
"Well?"
Bicky didn't seem to have anything to say.
"Was it true what that man said?"
"Yes, uncle."
"What do you mean by playing this trick?"
Bicky seemed pretty well knocked out, so I put in a word.
"I think you'd better explain the whole thing, Bicky, old top."

So she waited; and while she was waiting, she caught mice and rats, and washed herself and slept, and did all that a spotted cat should do to pass the time away.
When another week had passed, she climbed the tree again and peeped into the nest.
This time there were five eggs.
But the spotted cat said again, "Eggs may be good, but young birds are better.
I will wait a little longer!"
So she waited a little longer and then went up again to look.
Ah!
there were five tiny birds, with big eyes and long necks, and yellow beaks wide open.
Then the spotted cat sat down on the branch, and licked her nose and purred, for she was very happy.
"It is worth while to be patient!"
she said.
But when she looked again at the young birds, to see which one she should take first, she saw that they were very thin, oh, very, very thin they were!

‘He’ll be out of the boat in a minute if he rolls like that,’ said the Rat, sitting down again.
‘Of course he will,’ chuckled the Otter.
‘Did I ever tell you that good story about Toad and the lock-keeper?
It happened this way.
Toad....’
An errant May-fly swerved unsteadily athwart the current in the intoxicated fashion affected by young bloods of May-flies seeing life.
A swirl of water and a ‘cloop!’ and the May-fly was visible no more.
Neither was the Otter.
The Mole looked down.
The voice was still in his ears, but the turf whereon he had sprawled was clearly vacant.
Not an Otter to be seen, as far as the distant horizon.
But again there was a streak of bubbles on the surface of the river.
The Rat hummed a tune, and the Mole recollected that animal-etiquette forbade any sort of comment on the sudden disappearance of one’s friends at any moment, for any reason or no reason whatever.

Every reference to the murder sent a shudder to his heart, for his troubled conscience and fears almost persuaded him that these remarks were put forth in his hearing as “feelers”; he did not see how he could be suspected of knowing anything about the murder, but still he could not be comfortable in the midst of this gossip.
It kept him in a cold shiver all the time.
He took Huck to a lonely place to have a talk with him.
It would be some relief to unseal his tongue for a little while; to divide his burden of distress with another sufferer.
Moreover, he wanted to assure himself that Huck had remained discreet.
“Huck, have you ever told anybody about that?”
“'Bout what?”
“You know what.”
“Oh 'course I haven't.”
“Never a word?”
“Never a solitary word, so help me.
What makes you ask?”
“Well, I was afeard.”
“Why, Tom Sawyer, we wouldn't be alive two days if that got found out.
You know that.”
Tom felt more comfortable.
After a pause:
“Huck, they couldn't anybody get you to tell, could they?”
“Get me to tell?
Why, if I wanted that halfbreed devil to drownd me they could get me to tell.
They ain't no different way.”
“Well, that's all right, then.
I reckon we're safe as long as we keep mum.

Then all the Winged Monkeys, with much laughing and chattering and noise, flew into the air and were soon out of sight.
The Wicked Witch was both surprised and worried when she saw the mark on Dorothy's forehead, for she knew well that neither the Winged Monkeys nor she, herself, dare hurt the girl in any way.
She looked down at Dorothy's feet, and seeing the Silver Shoes, began to tremble with fear, for she knew what a powerful charm belonged to them.
At first the Witch was tempted to run away from Dorothy; but she happened to look into the child's eyes and saw how simple the soul behind them was, and that the little girl did not know of the wonderful power the Silver Shoes gave her.
So the Wicked Witch laughed to herself, and thought, "I can still make her my slave, for she does not know how to use her power."
Then she said to Dorothy, harshly and severely:
"Come with me; and see that you mind everything I tell you, for if you do not I will make an end of you, as I did of the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow."
Dorothy followed her through many of the beautiful rooms in her castle until they came to the kitchen, where the Witch bade her clean the pots and kettles and sweep the floor and keep the fire fed with wood.
Dorothy went to work meekly, with her mind made up to work as hard as she could; for she was glad the Wicked Witch had decided not to kill her.
With Dorothy hard at work, the Witch thought she would go into the courtyard and harness the Cowardly Lion like a horse; it would amuse her, she was sure, to make him draw her chariot whenever she wished to go to drive.
But as she opened the gate the Lion gave a loud roar and bounded at her so fiercely that the Witch was afraid, and ran out and shut the gate again.
"If I cannot harness you," said the Witch to the Lion, speaking through the bars of the gate, "I can starve you.
You shall have nothing to eat until you do as I wish."

“Dost thou know,” said the stranger, whilst he was getting up, “who I am, and who it is whom thou hast helped on his legs again?”
“No,” answered the youth, “I do not know thee.” “I am Death,” said he.
“I spare no one, and can make no exception with thee, but that thou mayst see that I am grateful, I promise thee that I will not fall on thee unexpectedly, but will send my messengers to thee before I come and take thee away.” “Well,” said the youth, “it is something gained that I shall know when thou comest, and at any rate be safe from thee for so long.” Then he went on his way, and was light-hearted, and enjoyed himself, and lived without thought.
But youth and health did not last long, soon came sicknesses and sorrows, which tormented him by day, and took away his rest by night.
“Die, I shall not,” said he to himself, “for Death will send his messengers before that, but I do wish these wretched days of sickness were over.” As soon as he felt himself well again he began once more to live merrily.
Then one day some one tapped him on the shoulder.
He looked round, and Death stood behind him, and said, “Follow me, the hour of thy departure from this world has come.” “What,” replied the man, “wilt thou break thy word?
Didst thou not promise me that thou wouldst send thy messengers to me before coming thyself?
I have seen none!” “Silence!” answered Death.
“Have I not sent one messenger to thee after another?
Did not fever come and smite thee, and shake thee, and cast thee down?
Has dizziness not bewildered thy head?
Has not gout twitched thee in all thy limbs?

“Another time,” he said, “you’ll know better than to run through a mule battery at night, shouting `Thieves and fire!’ Sit down, and keep your silly neck quiet.”
The camel doubled up camel-fashion, like a two-foot rule, and sat down whimpering.
There was a regular beat of hoofs in the darkness, and a big troop-horse cantered up as steadily as though he were on parade, jumped a gun tail, and landed close to the mule.
“It’s disgraceful,” he said, blowing out his nostrils.
“Those camels have racketed through our lines again the third time this week.
How’s a horse to keep his condition if he isn’t allowed to sleep.
Who’s here?”
“I’m the breech-piece mule of number two gun of the First Screw Battery,” said the mule, “and the other’s one of your friends.
He’s waked me up too.
Who are you?”
“Number Fifteen, E troop, Ninth Lancers Dick Cunliffe’s horse.
Stand over a little, there.”
“Oh, beg your pardon,” said the mule.
“It’s too dark to see much.
Aren’t these camels too sickening for anything?
I walked out of my lines to get a little peace and quiet here.”
“My lords,” said the camel humbly, “we dreamed bad dreams in the night, and we were very much afraid.

That’s half the fun!’
‘Fun?’ said the Rat; ‘now that’s just what I don’t understand.
If you’ve GOT to leave this pleasant place, and your friends who will miss you, and your snug homes that you’ve just settled into, why, when the hour strikes I’ve no doubt you’ll go bravely, and face all the trouble and discomfort and change and newness, and make believe that you’re not very unhappy.
But to want to talk about it, or even think about it, till you really need  ’
‘No, you don’t understand, naturally,’ said the second swallow.
‘First, we feel it stirring within us, a sweet unrest; then back come the recollections one by one, like homing pigeons.
They flutter through our dreams at night, they fly with us in our wheelings and circlings by day.
We hunger to inquire of each other, to compare notes and assure ourselves that it was all really true, as one by one the scents and sounds and names of long-forgotten places come gradually back and beckon to us.’
‘Couldn’t you stop on for just this year?’ suggested the Water Rat, wistfully.
‘We’ll all do our best to make you feel at home.
You’ve no idea what good times we have here, while you are far away.’
‘I tried “stopping on” one year,’ said the third swallow.
‘I had grown so fond of the place that when the time came I hung back and let the others go on without me.
For a few weeks it was all well enough, but afterwards, O the weary length of the nights!
The shivering, sunless days!
The air so clammy and chill, and not an insect in an acre of it!

I was some ice   So white and so nice,   But which nobody tasted;   And so it was wasted.
i           All that good ice!
J was a jackdaw     Who hopped up and dowa   In the principal street     Of a neighboring town.
j           All through the town!
K was a kite   Which flew out of sight,     Above houses so high,     Quite into the sky.
k           Fly away, kite!
L was a light   Which burned all the night,     And lighted the gloom     Of a very dark room.
l         Useful nice light!
M was a mill   Which stood on a hill,     And turned round and round     With a loud hummy sound.
m           Useful old mill!
N was a net     Which was thrown in the sea   To catch fish for dinner     For you and for me.
n           Nice little net!

"Tell me all about it, and let me cure it as I often did the other."
"You can't, there is no cure."
There Beth's voice gave way, and clinging to her sister, she cried so despairingly that Jo was frightened.
"Where is it?
Shall I call Mother?"
"No, no, don't call her, don't tell her.
I shall be better soon.
Lie down here and 'poor' my head.
I'll be quiet and go to sleep, indeed I will."
Jo obeyed, but as her hand went softly to and fro across Beth's hot forehead and wet eyelids, her heart was very full and she longed to speak.
But young as she was, Jo had learned that hearts, like flowers, cannot be rudely handled, but must open naturally, so though she believed she knew the cause of Beth's new pain, she only said, in her tenderest tone, "Does anything trouble you, deary?"
"Yes, Jo," after a long pause.

When they had got into the carriage, the two other tailors, who had false hearts and envied him his good fortune, went into the stable and unscrewed the bear again.
The bear in great fury ran after the carriage.
The princess heard him snorting and growling; she was terrified, and she cried, “Ah, the bear is behind us and wants to get thee!” The tailor was quick and stood on his head, stuck his legs out of the window, and cried, “Dost thou see the vise?
If thou dost not be off thou shalt be put into it again.” When the bear saw that, he turned round and ran away.
The tailor drove quietly to church, and the princess was married to him at once, and he lived with her as happy as a woodlark.
Whosoever does not believe this, must pay a thaler.
115 The Bright Sun Brings It to Light 
A tailor’s apprentice was travelling about the world in search of work, and at one time he could find none, and his poverty was so great that he had not a farthing to live on.
Presently he met a Jew on the road, and as he thought he would have a great deal of money about him, the tailor thrust God out of his heart, fell on the Jew, and said, “Give me thy money, or I will strike thee dead.” Then said the Jew, “Grant me my life, I have no money but eight farthings.” But the tailor said, “Money thou hast; and it shall be produced,” and used violence and beat him until he was near death.
And when the Jew was dying, the last words he said were, “The bright sun will bring it to light,” and thereupon he died.
The tailor’s apprentice felt in his pockets and sought for money, but he found nothing but eight farthings, as the Jew had said.
Then he took him up and carried him behind a clump of trees, and went onwards to seek work.
After he had traveled about a long while, he got work in a town with a master who had a pretty daughter, with whom he fell in love, and he married her, and lived in good and happy wedlock.

The flowers now appeared in their most gorgeous robes, but all in vain they had not the fresh, fragrant air of youth.
The heart asks for fragrance even when it is no longer young, and there is very little of that to be found in the dahlias or the dry chrysanthemums.
Therefore the butterfly turned to the mint on the ground.
This plant, you know, has no blossom, but is sweetness all over; it is full of fragrance from head to foot, with the scent of a flower in every leaf.
"I will take her," said the butterfly; and he made her an offer.
But the mint stood silent and stiff as she listened to him.
At last she said:
"I can give you friendship if you like, nothing more.
I am old, and you are old, but we may live for each other just the same.
As to marrying, however, no!
that would appear ridiculous at our age."
And so it happened that the butterfly got no wife at all.
He had been too long choosing, which is always a bad plan, and became what is called an old bachelor.

Now, let us be happy, dancing so merrily.
Hurrah!
Hurrah!
Hänsel.
Why, see the children, Gretel.
The fence is moving!
The gingerbread children are real children, but their eyes are shut!
The Children.
We are saved!
We are saved!
Gretel.
Who are you?

I ought to have excepted three, a stately pine, and two glorious yellow birches, which stood close to it, as close as might be.
In fact, part of the hut seemed to be built round the bole of the pine, which disappeared for several feet, as if the stones had clasped it in a rough embrace, and refused to let go their hold.
The birches were a few feet from the door, but near enough for one to lean out of window and pull off the satin fringes.
Their roots swelled out above the ground, and twisted themselves into curves that might make a delightful seat, under the green bending canopy, through whose waving folds the trunk glistened like a giant prince of rags and tatters.
In the centre of the tiny glade stood a buttonwood-tree, whose vast girth seemed curiously out of proportion to its surroundings.
The pine and the birches were noble trees; all the forest round was full of towering stems and knotted, powerful branches; but beside the great buttonwood, they seemed like sturdy dwarfs.
If there had been any one to measure the trunk, he would have found a girth of twenty-five feet or more, near the base; while above the surrounding forest, it towered a hundred feet and more in air.
At a height of twelve or fifteen feet appeared an opening, two or three feet in diameter.
A hollow?
surely!
not so large as that in the Lycian plane-tree, where Licinius Mucianus dined with nineteen companions, yes, and slept too, and enjoyed himself immensely, but large enough to hold two or three persons with all comfort, if not convenience.
As for the number of squirrels it might hold, that was past counting; they were running in and out all day long, and made such a noise that they disturbed the woodpeckers, and made them irritable on a hot day.

That is why he always put his fine leggings under his head when he slept.
When he worked he almost always wore them, as I have told you, so that there was no danger of losing them in the daytime; but the Sun was careful of his leggings when night came and he slept.
"You wouldn't think that a person would be so foolish as to steal from the Sun, but one night OLD-man who is the only person who ever knew just where the Sun's lodge was crept near enough to look in, and saw the leggings under the Sun's head.
"We have all travelled a great deal but no man ever found the Sun's lodge.
No man knows in what country it is.
Of course we know it is located somewhere west of here, for we see him going that way every afternoon, but OLD-man knew everything except that he could not fool the Sun.
"Yes OLD-man looked into the lodge of the Sun and saw the leggings there saw the Sun, too, and the Sun was asleep.
He made up his mind that he would steal the leggings so he crept through the door of the lodge.
There was no one at home but the Sun, for the Moon has work to do at night just as the children, the Stars, do, so he thought he could slip the leggings from under the sleeper's head and get away.
"He got down on his hands and knees to walk like the Bear-people and crept into the lodge, but in the black darkness he put his knee upon a dry stick near the Sun's bed.
The stick snapped under his weight with so great a noise that the Sun turned over and snorted, scaring OLD-man so badly that he couldn't move for a minute.
His heart was not strong wickedness makes every heart weaker and after making sure that the Sun had not seen him, he crept silently out of the lodge and ran away.

In the same way the goldsmith also may ask you.
I beg you, as your bosom friend, never assist that wretched man, though he is your relation as a human being.
Goldsmiths are never to be trusted.
You can place more faith in me, a tiger, though I feast sometimes upon men, in a serpent, whose sting makes your blood cold the very next moment, or in a rat, which does a thousand pieces of mischief in your house.
But never trust a goldsmith.
Do not release him; and if you do, you shall surely repent of it one day or other."
Thus advising, the hungry tiger went away without waiting for an answer.
Gangazara thought several times of the eloquent way in which the tiger spoke, and admired his fluency of speech.
But still his thirst was not quenched.
So he let down his vessel again, which was now caught hold of by the serpent, who addressed him thus: "Oh, my protector!
Lift me up.
I am the king of serpents, and the son of Adisesha, who is now pining away in agony for my disappearance.

And there, perhaps, those very feathers lie scattered, till this day.
Up rose the Gorgons, as I tell you, staring horribly about, in hopes of turning somebody to stone.
Had Perseus looked them in the face, or had he fallen into their clutches, his poor mother would never have kissed her boy again!
But he took good care to turn his eyes another way; and, as he wore the helmet of invisibility, the Gorgons knew not in what direction to follow him; nor did he fail to make the best use of the winged slippers, by soaring upward a perpendicular mile or so.
At that height, when the screams of those abominable creatures sounded faintly beneath him, he made a straight course for the island of Seriphus, in order to carry Medusa's head to King Polydectes.
I have no time to tell you of several marvelous things that befell Perseus, on his way homeward; such as his killing a hideous sea-monster, just as it was on the point of devouring a beautiful maiden; nor how he changed an enormous giant into a mountain of stone, merely by showing him the head of the Gorgon.
If you doubt this latter story, you may make a voyage to Africa, some day or other, and see the very mountain, which is still known by the ancient giant's name.
Finally, our brave Perseus arrived at the island, where he expected to see his dear mother.
But, during his absence, the wicked king had treated Danaë so very ill that she was compelled to make her escape, and had taken refuge in a temple, where some good old priests were extremely kind to her.
These praiseworthy priests, and the kind-hearted fisherman, who had first shown hospitality to Danaë and little Perseus when he found them afloat in the chest, seem to have been the only persons on the island who cared about doing right.
All the rest of the people, as well as King Polydectes himself, were remarkably ill-behaved, and deserved no better destiny than that which was now to happen.
Not finding his mother at home, Perseus went straight to the palace, and was immediately ushered into the presence of the king.

I don't pretend to be wise, but I am observing, and I see a great deal more than you'd imagine.
I'm interested in other people's experiences and inconsistencies, and though I can't explain, I remember and use them for my own benefit.
Love Jo all your days, if you choose, but don't let it spoil you, for it's wicked to throw away so many good gifts because you can't have the one you want.
There, I won't lecture any more, for I know you'll wake up and be a man in spite of that hardhearted girl."
Neither spoke for several minutes.
Laurie sat turning the little ring on his finger, and Amy put the last touches to the hasty sketch she had been working at while she talked.
Presently she put it on his knee, merely saying, "How do you like that?"
He looked and then he smiled, as he could not well help doing, for it was capitally done, the long, lazy figure on the grass, with listless face, half-shut eyes, and one hand holding a cigar, from which came the little wreath of smoke that encircled the dreamer's head.
"How well you draw!"
he said, with a genuine surprise and pleasure at her skill, adding, with a half-laugh, "Yes, that's me."
"As you are.
This is as you were."

The dead, blind wall butts all inquiring heads at last.
Up with it!
So.”
The log was heaved.
The loose coils rapidly straightened out in a long dragging line astern, and then, instantly, the reel began to whirl.
In turn, jerkingly raised and lowered by the rolling billows, the towing resistance of the log caused the old reelman to stagger strangely.
“Hold hard!”
Snap!
the overstrained line sagged down in one long festoon; the tugging log was gone.
“I crush the quadrant, the thunder turns the needles, and now the mad sea parts the log-line.
But Ahab can mend all.
Haul in here, Tahitian; reel up, Manxman.
And look ye, let the carpenter make another log, and mend thou the line.
See to it.”
“There he goes now; to him nothing’s happened; but to me, the skewer seems loosening out of the middle of the world.

The community were left to the more ostentatious information of the defendant's counsel, Messrs. Kitcham and Bilser, that the case was "ridiculous" and "rotten," that the plaintiff would be nonsuited, and the fire-eating Starbottle would be taught a lesson that he could not "bully" the law and there were some dark hints of a conspiracy.
It was even hinted that the "case" was the revengeful and preposterous outcome of the refusal of Hotchkiss to pay Starbottle an extravagant fee for his late services to the Ditch Company.
It is unnecessary to say that these words were not reported to the Colonel.
It was, however, an unfortunate circumstance for the calmer, ethical consideration of the subject that the church sided with Hotchkiss, as this provoked an equal adherence to the plaintiff and Starbottle on the part of the larger body of non-church-goers, who were delighted at a possible exposure of the weakness of religious rectitude.
"I've allus had my suspicions o' them early candle-light meetings down at that gospel shop," said one critic, "and I reckon Deacon Hotchkiss didn't rope in the gals to attend jest for psalm-singing."
"Then for him to get up and leave the board afore the game's finished and try to sneak out of it," said another.
"I suppose that's what they call religious."
It was therefore not remarkable that the courthouse three weeks later was crowded with an excited multitude of the curious and sympathizing.
The fair plaintiff, with her mother, was early in attendance, and under the Colonel's advice appeared in the same modest garb in which she had first visited his office.
This and her downcast modest demeanor were perhaps at first disappointing to the crowd, who had evidently expected a paragon of loveliness as the Circe of the grim ascetic defendant, who sat beside his counsel.
But presently all eyes were fixed on the Colonel, who certainly made up in his appearance any deficiency of his fair client.
His portly figure was clothed in a blue dress-coat with brass buttons, a buff waistcoat which permitted his frilled shirt front to become erectile above it, a black satin stock which confined a boyish turned-down collar around his full neck, and immaculate drill trousers, strapped over varnished boots.

cried Jane.
And while George was explaining to the collector that they would really rather not, Jane opened the blue folds of the butterfly net, and asked the moth quietly if it would please step outside for a moment.
And it did.
When the collector saw that the moth was free, he seemed less angry than grieved.
"Well, well," said he, "here's a whole Arctic expedition thrown away!
I shall have to go home and fit out another.
And that means a lot of writing to the papers and things.
You seem to be a singularly thoughtless little girl."
So they went on, leaving him too, trying to go uphill towards the Crystal Palace.
When the great white Arctic moth had returned thanks in a suitable speech, George and Jane took a sideways slanting run and started sliding again, between the star-lamps along the great slide toward the North Pole.
They went faster and faster, and the lights ahead grew brighter and brighter so that they could not keep their eyes open, but had to blink and wink as they went and then suddenly the great slide ended in an immense heap of snow, and George and Jane shot right into it because they could not stop themselves, and the snow was soft, so that they went in up to their very ears.
When they had picked themselves out and thumped each other on the back to get rid of the snow, they shaded their eyes and looked, and there, right in front of them, was the wonder of wonders the North Pole towering high and white and glistening, like an ice-lighthouse, and it was quite, quite close, so that you had to put your head as far back as it would go, and farther, before you could see the high top of it.

He covered the top over so as to make it look like solid ground.
He then blew his horn so loudly that the giant awoke and came out of his den crying out: “You saucy villain!
you shall pay for this I’ll broil you for my breakfast!”
He had just finished, when, taking one step further, he tumbled headlong into the pit, and Jack struck him a blow on the head with his pickaxe which killed him.
Jack then returned home to cheer his friends with the news.
Another giant, called Blunderbore, vowed to be revenged on Jack if ever he should have him in his power.
This giant kept an enchanted castle in the midst of a lonely wood; and some time after the death of Cormoran Jack was passing through a wood, and being weary, sat down and went to sleep.
The giant, passing by and seeing Jack, carried him to his castle, where he locked him up in a large room, the floor of which was covered with the bodies, skulls and bones of men and women.
Soon after the giant went to fetch his brother who was likewise a giant, to take a meal off his flesh; and Jack saw with terror through the bars of his prison the two giants approaching.
Jack, perceiving in one corner of the room a strong cord, took courage, and making a slip-knot at each end, he threw them over their heads, and tied it to the window-bars; he then pulled till he had choked them.
When they were black in the face he slid down the rope and stabbed them to the heart.
Jack next took a great bunch of keys from the pocket of Blunderbore, and went into the castle again.
He made a strict search through all the rooms, and in one of them found three ladies tied up by the hair of their heads, and almost starved to death.

Evgenie Pavlovitch, who went abroad at this time, intending to live a long while on the continent, being, as he often said, quite superfluous in Russia, visits his sick friend at Schneider’s every few months.
But Dr. Schneider frowns ever more and more and shakes his head; he hints that the brain is fatally injured; he does not as yet declare that his patient is incurable, but he allows himself to express the gravest fears.
Evgenie takes this much to heart, and he has a heart, as is proved by the fact that he receives and even answers letters from Colia.
But besides this, another trait in his character has become apparent, and as it is a good trait we will make haste to reveal it.
After each visit to Schneider’s establishment, Evgenie Pavlovitch writes another letter, besides that to Colia, giving the most minute particulars concerning the invalid’s condition.
In these letters is to be detected, and in each one more than the last, a growing feeling of friendship and sympathy.
The individual who corresponds thus with Evgenie Pavlovitch, and who engages so much of his attention and respect, is Vera Lebedeff.
We have never been able to discover clearly how such relations sprang up.
Of course the root of them was in the events which we have already recorded, and which so filled Vera with grief on the prince’s account that she fell seriously ill.
But exactly how the acquaintance and friendship came about, we cannot say.
We have spoken of these letters chiefly because in them is often to be found some news of the Epanchin family, and of Aglaya in particular.
Evgenie Pavlovitch wrote of her from Paris, that after a short and sudden attachment to a certain Polish count, an exile, she had suddenly married him, quite against the wishes of her parents, though they had eventually given their consent through fear of a terrible scandal.

He flew through a crack in the window of the palace of Venus and made his way to earth and straight to the spot where Psyche lay.
He gathered the deadly sleep from her body and put it fast inside the box again.
Then he touched her lightly with one of his arrows and she woke.
"Again you have almost perished because of your curiosity," he said as Psyche reached up her arms to him "but perform exactly this task which my mother asked of you and I will attend to the rest."
Then Cupid, as swift as a bird flies, returned to Mount Olympus and pleaded with Jupiter for a welcome for Psyche.
Jupiter consented at last to have this daughter of earth admitted to the family of the gods and Mercury was sent to bring her and offer her the cup of ambrosial nectar that would make her one of the immortals.
It is said that at the moment when Psyche completed her tasks and took her departure for Mount Olympus a winged creature, the butterfly, that had never been seen before on earth, arose from a garden and flew on golden wings up toward the sun.
So it was thought that the story of Psyche was the story of the butterfly who bursts its gray house of the cocoon and rises, with a new beauty and the power of wings, toward the sky.
And the Greeks had still another name for Psyche whom neither her troubles or the sleep of Pluto could keep from the abode of the gods when Love pleaded for her.
They spoke of her as the Soul.
HOW MELAMPOS FED THE SERPENT.
There was a hollow oak tree in front of the house of Melampos in Greece and inside it was a nest of serpents.

He thought he must be near some woodcutter's cottage, but what was his surprise when he found himself before the gateway of a splendid castle!
At first he hesitated about entering, for his garments were travel stained, and he was drenched with rain, so that no one could have possibly taken him for a Prince.
All the beautiful little dogs he had taken so much trouble to collect had been lost in the forest, and he was thoroughly weary and disheartened.
However, something seemed to bid him enter the castle, so he pulled the bell.
Immediately the gateway flew open, and a number of beautiful white hands appeared, and beckoned to him to cross the courtyard and enter the great hall.
Here he found a splendid fire blazing, beside which stood a comfortable arm-chair; the hands pointed invitingly towards it, and as soon as the Prince had seated himself they proceeded to take off his wet, muddy clothes, and dress him in a magnificent suit of silk and velvet.
When he was ready, the hands led him into a brilliantly-lighted room, in which was a table spread for supper.
At the end of the room was a raised platform, upon which a number of cats were seated, all playing different musical instruments.
The Prince began to think he must be dreaming, when the door opened, and a lovely little White Cat came in.
She wore a long black veil, and was accompanied by a number of cats, dressed in black, and carrying swords.
She came straight up to the Prince, and in a sweet, sad little voice bade him welcome.
Then she ordered supper to be served, and the whole company sat down together.

Mr. Brownlow, for that was the name of the old gentleman, shocked and moved at the boy's deathly whiteness, straightway carried the boy off in a cab to his own house in a quiet, shady street near Pentonville.
III.
Back in Fagin's Den 
For many days Oliver remained insensible to the goodness of his new friends.
But all that careful nursing could do was done, and he slowly and surely recovered.
Mr. Brownlow, a kind-hearted old bachelor, took the greatest interest in his protégé, and Oliver implored him not to turn him out of doors to wander in the streets.
"My dear child," said the old gentleman, moved by the warmth of Oliver's appeal, "you need not be afraid of my deserting you.
I have been deceived before in people I have endeavored to benefit, but I feel strongly disposed to trust you, nevertheless; and I am more interested in your behalf than I can well account for.
Let me hear your story; speak the truth to me, and you shall not be friendless while I am alive."
A certain unmistakable likeness in Oliver to a lady's portrait that was on the wall of the room struck Mr. Brownlow.
What connection could there be between the original of the portrait, and this poor child?
But before Mr. Brownlow had heard Oliver's story he had lost the boy.
For Fagin, horribly uneasy lest Oliver should be the means of betraying his late companions, resolved to get him back as quickly as possible.

Within was the sound of a psalm, and presently a coffin strewn with flowers was borne out.
She knew that her friend, the old lady, was dead, and in her heart she felt that she was abandoned by all on earth and condemned by God's angel in heaven.
Still on she danced for she could not stop through thorns and briers, while her feet bled.
Finally, she danced to a lonely little house where she knew that the executioner dwelt, and she tapped at the window, saying, "Come out, come out!
I cannot come in, for I must dance."
The man said, "Do you know who I am and what I do?"
"Yes," said Karen; "but do not strike off my head, for then I could not live to repent of my sin.
Strike off my feet, that I may be rid of my red shoes."
Then she confessed her sin, and the executioner struck off the red shoes, which danced away over the fields and into the deep wood.
To Karen it seemed that the feet had gone with the shoes, for she had almost lost the power of walking.
"Now I have suffered enough for the red shoes," she said; "I will go to the church, that people may see me."
But no sooner had she hobbled to the church door than the shoes danced before her and frightened her back.

"This must be a strange sight to you," said Carton, with a laugh.
"I hardly seem yet," returned Darnay, "to belong to this world again."
"Then why the devil don't you dine?"
He led him to a tavern, where Darnay recruited his strength with a good, plain dinner.
Carton drank, but ate nothing.
"Now your dinner is done," Carton presently said, "why don't you give your toast?"
"What toast?"
"Why, it's on the tip of your tongue."
"Miss Manette, then!"
Carton drank the toast, and flung his glass over his shoulder against the wall, where it shivered in pieces.
After Darnay had gone, Carton drank and slept till ten o'clock, and then walked to the chambers of Mr. Stryver.
Mr. Stryver was a glib man, and an unscrupulous, and a bold, and was fast shouldering his way to a lucrative practice; but it had been noted that he had not the striking and necessary faculty of extracting evidence from a heap of statements.

The latter, however, remained silent.
“Then it was not simply a matter of bills?” Muishkin said at last, with some impatience.
“It was not as she said?”
“But I ask you, my dear sir, how can there be anything in common between Evgenie Pavlovitch, and her, and again Rogojin?
I tell you he is a man of immense wealth as I know for a fact; and he has further expectations from his uncle.
Simply Nastasia Philipovna ”
Prince S. paused, as though unwilling to continue talking about Nastasia Philipovna.
“Then at all events he knows her!” remarked the prince, after a moment’s silence.
“Oh, that may be.
He may have known her some time ago two or three years, at least.
He used to know Totski.
But it is impossible that there should be any intimacy between them.
She has not even been in the place many people don’t even know that she has returned from Moscow!
I have only observed her carriage about for the last three days or so.”
“It’s a lovely carriage,” said Adelaida.

“If you send Dickon away, I’ll never come into this room again!” she retorted.
“You’ll have to if I want you,” said Colin.
“I won’t!” said Mary.
“I’ll make you,” said Colin.
“They shall drag you in.”
“Shall they, Mr. Rajah!” said Mary fiercely.
“They may drag me in but they can’t make me talk when they get me here.
I’ll sit and clench my teeth and never tell you one thing.
I won’t even look at you.
I’ll stare at the floor!”
They were a nice agreeable pair as they glared at each other.
If they had been two little street boys they would have sprung at each other and had a rough-and-tumble fight.
As it was, they did the next thing to it.
“You are a selfish thing!” cried Colin.

He saw the gold leaves.
He took them all and put them into his bag.
The poor little tree cried, "I do not want gold leaves again.
I will have glass leaves."
*       *
          night         sunshine        bright           looked        wind            blew 
So the little tree went to sleep.
The fairy came by and put the glass leaves on it.
The little tree woke and saw its glass leaves.
How pretty they looked in the sunshine!
'No other tree was so bright.
Then a wind came up.
It blew and blew.
The glass leaves all fell from the tree and were broken.

"You see, ma'am, what a good memory he has," said Mrs. Watkinson aside to Mrs. Morland.
"But my best Joseph, you make your mother tremble.
What fault have you imagined?
What was your bad thought?"
"Ay," said another boy, "what's your thought like?"
"My thought," said Joseph, "was 'Confound all astronomy, and I could see the man hanged that made this game.'"
"Oh!
my child," exclaimed the mother, stopping her ears, "I am indeed shocked.
I am glad you repented so immediately."
"Yes," returned Joseph, "but I am afraid my repentance won't last.
If I am not whipped, I may have these bad thoughts whenever I play at astronomy, and worse still at the geography game.
Whip me, ma, and punish me as I deserve.

"Gosh!"
said Uncle Billy, regretfully.
"That's what Mr. Kamp wanted, fust off, an' he got it.
They hain't but th' little room over th'
kitchen left.
I'll have to put you an' your wife in that, an' let your boy sleep with th' driver."
The consternation in the Ellsworth party was past calculating by any known standards of measurement.
The thing was an outrage!
It was not to be borne!
They would not submit to it!
Uncle Billy, however, secure in his mastery of the situation, calmly quartered them as he had said.
"An' let 'em splutter all they want to," he commented comfortably to himself.
IV 
The Ellsworths were holding a family indignation meeting on the broad porch when the Van Ramps came contentedly down for a walk, and brushed by them with unseeing eyes.

But say where you going to dig first?”
“Well, I don't know.
S'pose we tackle that old dead-limb tree on the hill t'other side of Still-House branch?”
“I'm agreed.”
So they got a crippled pick and a shovel, and set out on their three-mile tramp.
They arrived hot and panting, and threw themselves down in the shade of a neighboring elm to rest and have a smoke.
“I like this,” said Tom.
“So do I.”
“Say, Huck, if we find a treasure here, what you going to do with your share?”
“Well, I'll have pie and a glass of soda every day, and I'll go to every circus that comes along.
I bet I'll have a gay time.”
“Well, ain't you going to save any of it?”
“Save it?
What for?”
“Why, so as to have something to live on, by and by.”
“Oh, that ain't any use.
Pap would come back to thish-yer town some day and get his claws on it if I didn't hurry up, and I tell you he'd clean it out pretty quick.
What you going to do with yourn, Tom?”
“I'm going to buy a new drum, and a sure'nough sword, and a red necktie and a bull pup, and get married.”
“Married!”
“That's it.”
“Tom, you why, you ain't in your right mind.”
“Wait you'll see.”
“Well, that's the foolishest thing you could do.
Look at pap and my mother.
Fight!
Why, they used to fight all the time.

My papa gave her to me."
She had always made Miss Minchin feel secretly uncomfortable, and she did so now.
She did not speak with rudeness so much as with a cold steadiness with which Miss Minchin felt it difficult to cope perhaps because she knew she was doing a heartless and inhuman thing.
"You will have no time for dolls in future," she said.
"You will have to work and improve yourself and make yourself useful."
Sara kept her big, strange eyes fixed on her, and said not a word.
"Everything will be very different now," Miss Minchin went on.
"I suppose Miss Amelia has explained matters to you."
"Yes," answered Sara.
"My papa is dead.
He left me no money.
I am quite poor."

"Mr. Brooke.
I call him 'John' now.
We fell into the way of doing so at the hospital, and he likes it."
"Oh, dear!
I know you'll take his part.
He's been good to Father, and you won't send him away, but let Meg marry him, if she wants to.
Mean thing!
To go petting Papa and helping you, just to wheedle you into liking him."
And Jo pulled her hair again with a wrathful tweak.
"My dear, don't get angry about it, and I will tell you how it happened.
John went with me at Mr. Laurence's request, and was so devoted to poor Father that we couldn't help getting fond of him.
He was perfectly open and honorable about Meg, for he told us he loved her, but would earn a comfortable home before he asked her to marry him.

"But how could it get across so quick?
Just one day!"
"Well, perhaps it was a year.
Maybe it was the next Christmas after that when it got to San Francisco."
The papa set the little girl down, and started to run out of the room, and both of the children ran after him, to pound him.
When they were in bed the boy called down-stairs to the papa, "Well, anyway, I didn't put up my lip."
THE PUMPKIN-GLORY 

The papa had told the story so often that the children knew just exactly what to expect the moment he began.
They all knew it as well as he knew it himself, and they could keep him from making mistakes, or forgetting.
Sometimes he would go wrong on purpose, or would pretend to forget, and then they had a perfect right to pound him till he quit it.
He usually quit pretty soon.
The children liked it because it was very exciting, and at the same time it had no moral, so that when it was all over, they could feel that they had not been excited just for the moral.
The first time the little girl heard it she began to cry, when it came to the worst part; but the boy had heard it so much by that time that he did not mind it in the least, and just laughed.

How they did rejoice and embrace each other, and dance about and kiss each other!
And as they had no longer any need to fear her, they went into the witch’s house, and in every corner there stood chests full of pearls and jewels.
“These are far better than pebbles!” said Hansel, and thrust into his pockets whatever could be got in, and Grethel said, “I, too, will take something home with me,” and filled her pinafore full.
“But now we will go away.” said Hansel, “that we may get out of the witch’s forest.”
When they had walked for two hours, they came to a great piece of water.
“We cannot get over,” said Hansel, “I see no foot-plank, and no bridge.” “And no boat crosses either,” answered Grethel, “but a white duck is swimming there; if I ask her, she will help us over.” Then she cried, 
“Little duck, little duck, dost thou see, Hansel and Grethel are waiting for thee?
There’s never a plank, or bridge in sight, Take us across on thy back so white.”
The duck came to them, and Hansel seated himself on its back, and told his sister to sit by him.
“No,” replied Grethel, “that will be too heavy for the little duck; she shall take us across, one after the other.” The good little duck did so, and when they were once safely across and had walked for a short time, the forest seemed to be more and more familiar to them, and at length they saw from afar their father’s house.
Then they began to run, rushed into the parlour, and threw themselves into their father’s arms.
The man had not known one happy hour since he had left the children in the forest; the woman, however, was dead.
Grethel emptied her pinafore until pearls and precious stones ran about the room, and Hansel threw one handful after another out of his pocket to add to them.
Then all anxiety was at an end, and they lived together in perfect happiness.
My tale is done, there runs a mouse, whosoever catches it, may make himself a big fur cap out of it.

Then he will pass me and I can go where I please.'
"He took off his moccasins and said to them: 'Moccasins, go on toward the west.
Keep going and making plain tracks in the snow toward the big-water where the Sun sleeps.
The queer-one will follow you, and when you pass out of the snowy country, you can lose him.
Go quickly for he is close upon us.'
"The moccasins ran away as OLD-man wanted them to, and they made plain tracks in the snow leading away toward the big-water.
OLD-man turned into a dead Bull-Elk and stretched himself near the tracks the moccasins had made.
"Up the hill came the man, his breath short from running.
He saw the dead Elk, and thought it might be OLD-man playing a trick.
He was about to shoot an arrow into the dead Elk to make sure; but just as he was about to let the arrow go, he saw the tracks the moccasins had made.
Of course he thought the moccasins were on OLD-man's feet, and that the carcass was really that of a dead Elk.
He was badly fooled and took the tracks again.

The same warmth of heart, the same eagerness of fancy and spirits.
This lady was one of my nearest relations, an orphan from her infancy, and under the guardianship of my father.
Our ages were nearly the same, and from our earliest years we were playfellows and friends.
I cannot remember the time when I did not love Eliza; and my affection for her, as we grew up, was such, as perhaps, judging from my present forlorn and cheerless gravity, you might think me incapable of having ever felt.
Hers, for me, was, I believe, fervent as the attachment of your sister to Mr. Willoughby and it was, though from a different cause, no less unfortunate.
At seventeen she was lost to me for ever.
She was married married against her inclination to my brother.
Her fortune was large, and our family estate much encumbered.
And this, I fear, is all that can be said for the conduct of one, who was at once her uncle and guardian.
My brother did not deserve her; he did not even love her.
I had hoped that her regard for me would support her under any difficulty, and for some time it did; but at last the misery of her situation, for she experienced great unkindness, overcame all her resolution, and though she had promised me that nothing but how blindly I relate!
I have never told you how this was brought on.

"Got any lodgings?"
"No."
"Money?"
"No."
The strange boy whistled.
"I suppose you want some place to sleep in to-night, don't you?
Well, I've got to be in London to-night, and I know a 'spectable old genelman as lives there, wot'll give you lodgings for nothink, and never ask for the change that is, if any genelman he knows interduces you."
This unexpected offer of shelter was too tempting to be resisted, and on the way to London, where they arrived at nightfall, Oliver learnt that his friend's name was Jack Dawkins, but that he was known among his intimates as "The Artful Dodger."
In Field Lane, in the slums of Saffron Hill, the Dodger pushed open the door of a house, and drew Oliver within.
"Now, then," cried a voice, in reply to his whistle.
"Plummy and slam," said the Dodger.
This seemed to be a watchword, for a man at once appeared with a candle.

To be sure, it was not now as it had been in the springtime.
Then he would have beaten any other Gobbler who came near her, he loved her so; still, the Rabbit could see as he watched them that when he found some very large and fine acorns, this Gobbler would not eat them all, but called his wife to come and share with him; and he knew that they were happy together in their own Turkey way of being happy.
At this minute the Ground Hog opened his eyes and staggered to his feet.
The loud talking had awakened him.
He did not look very dignified just now.
His fur was rumpled, and he blinked often from sleepiness.
There was a dry leaf caught on one of his ears, too, that made him look very odd.
The Rabbit wanted to laugh, but he did not dare to do so.
The Ground Hog walked toward the Gobblers, and raised himself on his haunches.
"Good-evening, good-evening," said he (it was really morning, you know).
"We are very glad to welcome you to the forest.
Make yourselves perfectly at home.

The Ass and His Masters 
AN ASS, belonging to an herb-seller who gave him too little food and too much work made a petition to Jupiter to be released from his present service and provided with another master.
Jupiter, after warning him that he would repent his request, caused him to be sold to a tile-maker.
Shortly afterwards, finding that he had heavier loads to carry and harder work in the brick-field, he petitioned for another change of master.
Jupiter, telling him that it would be the last time that he could grant his request, ordained that he be sold to a tanner.
The Ass found that he had fallen into worse hands, and noting his master’s occupation, said, groaning: “It would have been better for me to have been either starved by the one, or to have been overworked by the other of my former masters, than to have been bought by my present owner, who will even after I am dead tan my hide, and make me useful to him.”
The Oak and the Reeds 
A VERY LARGE OAK was uprooted by the wind and thrown across a stream.
It fell among some Reeds, which it thus addressed: “I wonder how you, who are so light and weak, are not entirely crushed by these strong winds.”
 They replied, “You fight and contend with the wind, and consequently you are destroyed; while we on the contrary bend before the least breath of air, and therefore remain unbroken, and escape.”
Stoop to conquer.
The Fisherman and the Little Fish 
A FISHERMAN who lived on the produce of his nets, one day caught a single small Fish as the result of his day’s labor.
The Fish, panting convulsively, thus entreated for his life: “O Sir, what good can I be to you, and how little am I worth?
I am not yet come to my full size.
Pray spare my life, and put me back into the sea.
I shall soon become a large fish fit for the tables of the rich, and then you can catch me again, and make a handsome profit of me.” The Fisherman replied, “I should indeed be a very simple fellow if, for the chance of a greater uncertain profit, I were to forego my present certain gain.”
The Hunter and the Woodman 
A HUNTER, not very bold, was searching for the tracks of a Lion.
He asked a man felling oaks in the forest if he had seen any marks of his footsteps or knew where his lair was.

Money is very tight now.
How much cotton will you raise?"
"Well, I count on a hundr'd bales.
An' you can't git the sev'n hundr'd dollars?"
"Like to oblige you, but can't right now; will fix it for you later on."
"Well," said the elder, slowly, "fix up the papers for five, an' I'll make it go as far as possible."
The papers were drawn.
A note was made out for $552.50, for the interest was at one and a half per cent.
for seven months, and a mortgage on ten mules belonging to the elder was drawn and signed.
The elder then promised to send his cotton to the warehouse to be sold in the fall, and with a curt "Anything else?"
and a "Thankee, that's all," the two parted.
Elder Brown now made an effort to recall the supplemental commissions shouted to him upon his departure, intending to execute them first, and then take his written list item by item.

"You remember," continued Oberon, "how the hellish thing used to suck away the happiness of those who, by a simple concession that seemed almost innocent, subjected themselves to his power.
Just so my peace is gone, and all by these accursed manuscripts.
Have you felt nothing of the same influence?"
"Nothing," replied I, "unless the spell be hid in a desire to turn novelist, after reading your delightful tales."
"Novelist!"
exclaimed Oberon, half seriously.
"Then, indeed, my devil has his claw on you!
You are gone!
You cannot even pray for deliverance!
But we will be the last and only victims; for this night I mean to burn the manuscripts, and commit the fiend to his retribution in the flames."
"Burn your tales!"
repeated I, startled at the desperation of the idea.

Mrs. Dashwood had been informed by her husband of the solemn promise on the part of his son in their favour, which gave comfort to his last earthly reflections.
She doubted the sincerity of this assurance no more than he had doubted it himself, and she thought of it for her daughters' sake with satisfaction, though as for herself she was persuaded that a much smaller provision than 7000L would support her in affluence.
For their brother's sake, too, for the sake of his own heart, she rejoiced; and she reproached herself for being unjust to his merit before, in believing him incapable of generosity.
His attentive behaviour to herself and his sisters convinced her that their welfare was dear to him, and, for a long time, she firmly relied on the liberality of his intentions.
The contempt which she had, very early in their acquaintance, felt for her daughter-in-law, was very much increased by the farther knowledge of her character, which half a year's residence in her family afforded; and perhaps in spite of every consideration of politeness or maternal affection on the side of the former, the two ladies might have found it impossible to have lived together so long, had not a particular circumstance occurred to give still greater eligibility, according to the opinions of Mrs. Dashwood, to her daughters' continuance at Norland.
This circumstance was a growing attachment between her eldest girl and the brother of Mrs. John Dashwood, a gentleman-like and pleasing young man, who was introduced to their acquaintance soon after his sister's establishment at Norland, and who had since spent the greatest part of his time there.
Some mothers might have encouraged the intimacy from motives of interest, for Edward Ferrars was the eldest son of a man who had died very rich; and some might have repressed it from motives of prudence, for, except a trifling sum, the whole of his fortune depended on the will of his mother.
But Mrs. Dashwood was alike uninfluenced by either consideration.
It was enough for her that he appeared to be amiable, that he loved her daughter, and that Elinor returned the partiality.
It was contrary to every doctrine of hers that difference of fortune should keep any couple asunder who were attracted by resemblance of disposition; and that Elinor's merit should not be acknowledged by every one who knew her, was to her comprehension impossible.
Edward Ferrars was not recommended to their good opinion by any peculiar graces of person or address.
He was not handsome, and his manners required intimacy to make them pleasing.

I mark this in our old Mogul’s wine; it’s quite as deadening to some as filliping to others.
We sing; they sleep—aye, lie down there, like ground-tier butts.
At ’em again!
There, take this copper-pump, and hail ’em through it.
Tell ’em to avast dreaming of their lasses.
Tell ’em it’s the resurrection; they must kiss their last, and come to judgment.
That’s the way—that’s it; thy throat ain’t spoiled with eating Amsterdam butter.
FRENCH SAILOR.
Hist, boys!
let’s have a jig or two before we ride to anchor in Blanket Bay.
What say ye?
There comes the other watch.

And they’ve asked every animal, too, for miles around, and no one knows anything about him.
Otter’s evidently more anxious than he’ll admit.
I got out of him that young Portly hasn’t learnt to swim very well yet, and I can see he’s thinking of the weir.
There’s a lot of water coming down still, considering the time of the year, and the place always had a fascination for the child.
And then there are well, traps and things YOU know.
Otter’s not the fellow to be nervous about any son of his before it’s time.
And now he IS nervous.
When I left, he came out with me said he wanted some air, and talked about stretching his legs.
But I could see it wasn’t that, so I drew him out and pumped him, and got it all from him at last.
He was going to spend the night watching by the ford.
You know the place where the old ford used to be, in by-gone days before they built the bridge?’
‘I know it well,’ said the Mole.
‘But why should Otter choose to watch there?’
‘Well, it seems that it was there he gave Portly his first swimming-lesson,’ continued the Rat.

The boys, who were all of an age when children seem to delight in being cruel to animals, took no notice of Urashima's gentle reproof, but went on teasing it as before.
One of the older boys answered:
"Who cares whether it lives or dies?
We do not.
Here, boys, go on, go on!"
And they began to treat the poor tortoise more cruelly than ever.
Urashima waited a moment, turning over in his mind what would be the best way to deal with the boys.
He would try to persuade them to give the tortoise up to him, so he smiled at them and said:
"I am sure you are all good, kind boys!
Now won't you give me the tortoise?
I should like to have it so much!"
"No, we won't give you the tortoise," said one of the boys.
"Why should we?
We caught it ourselves."

Holmes whistled.
“A pair, by the sound,” said he.
“Yes,” he continued, glancing out of the window.
“A nice little brougham and a pair of beauties.
A hundred and fifty guineas apiece.
There’s money in this case, Watson, if there is nothing else.”
“I think that I had better go, Holmes.”
“Not a bit, Doctor.
Stay where you are.
I am lost without my Boswell.
And this promises to be interesting.
It would be a pity to miss it.”
“But your client—”
“Never mind him.
I may want your help, and so may he.
Here he comes.

"I ought to think so, for I haf a way opened to me by which I can make my bread and gif my Junglings much help."
"Tell me, please!
I like to know all about the the boys," said Jo eagerly.
"That is so kind, I gladly tell you.
My friends find for me a place in a college, where I teach as at home, and earn enough to make the way smooth for Franz and Emil.
For this I should be grateful, should I not?"
"Indeed you should.
How splendid it will be to have you doing what you like, and be able to see you often, and the boys!"
cried Jo, clinging to the lads as an excuse for the satisfaction she could not help betraying.
"Ah!
But we shall not meet often, I fear, this place is at the West."
"So far away!"

The birches, waving in the wind, looked as full of life as in summer and as wondrously beautiful.
Where the sun shone, everything glittered and sparkled as if diamond dust had been strewn about; and the snowy carpet of the earth seemed covered with diamonds from which gleamed countless lights, whiter even than the snow itself.
"This is really beautiful," said a girl who had come into the garden with a young friend; and they both stood still near the Snow Man, contemplating the glittering scene.
"Summer cannot show a more beautiful sight," she exclaimed, while her eyes sparkled.
"And we can't have such a fellow as this in the summer-time," replied the young man, pointing to the Snow Man.
"He is capital."
The girl laughed and nodded at the Snow Man, then tripped away over the snow with her friend.
The snow creaked and crackled beneath her feet, as if she had been treading on starch.
"Who are those two?"
asked the Snow Man of the yard dog.
"You have been here longer than I; do you know them?"
"Of course I know them," replied the yard dog; "the girl has stroked my back many times, and the young man has often given me a bone of meat.

I am sure you have seen the Night-hawk sailing over you, dipping and making that strange noise.
Of course there is a reason for it.
"OLD-man was travelling one day in the springtime; but the weather was fine for that time of year.
He stopped often and spoke to the bird-people and to the animal-people, for he was in good humor that day.
He talked pleasantly with the trees, and his heart grew tender.
That is, he had good thoughts; and of course they made him happy.
Finally he felt tired and sat down to rest on a big, round stone the kind of stone our white friend there calls a bowlder.
Here he rested for a while, but the stone was cold, and he felt it through his robe; so he said:
"'Stone, you seem cold to-day.
You may have my robe.
I have hundreds of robes in my camp, and I don't need this one at all.'
That was a lie he told about having so many robes.
All he had was the one he wore.

Certainly the high forehead meant something.
Priscilla was hidden.
The "smashing" was done in extreme privacy behind the stone wall of the pasture.
Cyrus was bound over to secrecy, as was also Jonas Hicks, who, after some haggling, sold them his finest turkey for two dollars and thirty cents.
"Cyrus is gettin' real handy and accommodatin'," said Clorinda the next morning, when they were all in the kitchen, and Jason, ignobly arrayed in Clorinda's kitchen-belle apron, was chopping, and Minty was seeding raisins.
"I expected nothin' but what I'd got to pick the white turkey, and he's fetched her in all picked and drawed."
"She don't weigh quite so much as I expected," said Uncle Kittredge, as he suspended the turkey on the hook of the old steelyards.
Jason and Minty slyly exchanged anxious glances.
Neither of them had looked at the turkey, and Minty's face was suffused with red even to the roots of her tow-coloured hair.
Mary Ellen and Nahum came that night, and bright and early on the morning of Thanksgiving Day came Uncle and Aunt Piper with Mirandy and Augustus and the twins, and the house was full of noise and jollity.
Jason was obliged to go to church in the morning with the grown people, but Minty stayed at home to help Clorinda, and after much manoeuvring she found an opportunity to run down to the shanty in the logging road and feed the white turkey.
The new minister and his daughter came to dinner, and Jason and Minty were glad that the children had seats at the far end of the table.

"'T is a very fine day"
      (Not a word did she say):
  "The wind, I believe, ma'am, is south:
      A fine harvest for peas:"
      He then looked at the cheese,   But the crow did not open her mouth.
Sly Reynard, not tired,       Her plumage admired,   "How charming!
how brilliant its hue!
The voice must be fine,       Of a bird so divine,   Ah, let me just hear it, pray do.
"Believe me, I long       To hear a sweet song!"
The silly crow foolishly tries:
      She scarce gave one squall,       When the cheese she let fall,   And the fox ran away with the prize.
MORAL 
      Ye innocent fair,       Of coxcombs beware,   To flattery never give ear;       Try well each pretense,       And keep to plain sense,   And then you have little to fear.
LITTLE B.
(TAYLOR?)
THE USE OF FLOWERS 
  God might have bade the earth bring forth     Enough for great and small,   The oak tree and the cedar tree,     Without a flower at all.
We might have had enough, enough     For every want of ours,   For luxury, medicine, and toil,     And yet have had no flowers.
The ore within the mountain mine     Requireth none to grow;   Nor doth it need the lotus flower     To make the river flow.

whispered Jo, looking remorsefully at the golden head, which might have been swept away from her sight forever under the treacherous ice.
"Quite safe, dear.
She is not hurt, and won't even take cold, I think, you were so sensible in covering and getting her home quickly," replied her mother cheerfully.
"Laurie did it all.
I only let her go.
Mother, if she should die, it would be my fault."
And Jo dropped down beside the bed in a passion of penitent tears, telling all that had happened, bitterly condemning her hardness of heart, and sobbing out her gratitude for being spared the heavy punishment which might have come upon her.
"It's my dreadful temper!
I try to cure it, I think I have, and then it breaks out worse than ever.
Oh, Mother, what shall I do?
What shall I do?"
cried poor Jo, in despair.

Piled up on the floor were sparkling stones worth a great deal of gold and silver money, and on the walls hung beautiful robes.
Subha Datta was quite dazed with all lie saw, but he was only an ignorant woodcutter and did not realize the value of the jewels and clothes.
So when the fairies, said to him, "Choose anything you like here and let us keep our pitcher," he shook his head and said: "No!
no!
no!
The pitcher!
I will have the pitcher!"
One fairy after another picked up the rubies and diamonds and other precious stones and held them in the light, that the woodcutter might see how lovely they were; and when he still only shook his head, they got down the robes and tried to make him put one of them on.
"No!
the pitcher!
the pitcher!"
he said, and at last they had to give it up.

"I was blown into the Candy country, and have been there a long time; but I got tired of it, and ran away to find something better."
"Sensible child!"
and the man smiled till Lily thought his cheeks would crumble.
"You'll get on better here with us Brownies than with the lazy Bonbons, who never work and are all for show.
They won't own us, though we are all related through our grandparents Sugar and Molasses.
We are busy folks; so they turn up their noses and don't speak when we meet at parties.
Poor creatures, silly and sweet and unsubstantial!
I pity 'em."
"Could I make you a visit?
I'd like to see how you live, and what you do.
I'm sure it must be interesting," said Lily, picking herself up after a tumble, having eaten nearly all the stone, she was so hungry.
"I know you will.

You can't fight us Gray, there, got away from five of you.
Your ship's in irons, Master Silver; you're on a lee shore, and so you'll find.
I stand here and tell you so; and they're the last good words you'll get from me, for in the name of heaven, I'll put a bullet in your back when next I meet you.
Tramp, my lad.
Bundle out of this, please, hand over hand, and double quick.”
Silver's face was a picture; his eyes started in his head with wrath.
He shook the fire out of his pipe.
“Give me a hand up!” he cried.
“Not I,” returned the captain.
“Who'll give me a hand up?” he roared.
Not a man among us moved.
Growling the foulest imprecations, he crawled along the sand till he got hold of the porch and could hoist himself again upon his crutch.
Then he spat into the spring.

One day by chance he found a tame Partridge for sale.
He purchased it and brought it home to be reared with his Gamecocks.
When the Partridge was put into the poultry-yard, they struck at it and followed it about, so that the Partridge became grievously troubled and supposed that he was thus evilly treated because he was a stranger.
Not long afterwards he saw the Cocks fighting together and not separating before one had well beaten the other.
He then said to himself, “I shall no longer distress myself at being struck at by these Gamecocks, when I see that they cannot even refrain from quarreling with each other.”
The Quack Frog 
A FROG once upon a time came forth from his home in the marsh and proclaimed to all the beasts that he was a learned physician, skilled in the use of drugs and able to heal all diseases.
A Fox asked him, “How can you pretend to prescribe for others, when you are unable to heal your own lame gait and wrinkled skin?”
The Lion, the Wolf, and the Fox 
A LION, growing old, lay sick in his cave.
All the beasts came to visit their king, except the Fox.
The Wolf therefore, thinking that he had a capital opportunity, accused the Fox to the Lion of not paying any respect to him who had the rule over them all and of not coming to visit him.
At that very moment the Fox came in and heard these last words of the Wolf.
The Lion roaring out in a rage against him, the Fox sought an opportunity to defend himself and said, “And who of all those who have come to you have benefited you so much as I, who have traveled from place to place in every direction, and have sought and learnt from the physicians the means of healing you?” The Lion commanded him immediately to tell him the cure, when he replied, “You must flay a wolf alive and wrap his skin yet warm around you.” The Wolf was at once taken and flayed; whereon the Fox, turning to him, said with a smile, “You should have moved your master not to ill, but to good, will.”
The Dog’s House 
IN THE WINTERTIME, a Dog curled up in as small a space as possible on account of the cold, determined to make himself a house.
However when the summer returned again, he lay asleep stretched at his full length and appeared to himself to be of a great size.
Now he considered that it would be neither an easy nor a necessary work to make himself such a house as would accommodate him.

But that can’t be, or else in his one case our old Mogul’s fire-waters are somewhat long in working.
5TH NANTUCKET SAILOR.
What’s that I saw—lightning?
Yes.
SPANISH SAILOR.
No; Daggoo showing his teeth.
DAGGOO (springing).
Swallow thine, mannikin!
White skin, white liver!
SPANISH SAILOR (meeting him).
Knife thee heartily!
big frame, small spirit!

ha!”
Suddenly the waters around them slowly swelled in broad circles; then quickly upheaved, as if sideways sliding from a submerged berg of ice, swiftly rising to the surface.
A low rumbling sound was heard; a subterraneous hum; and then all held their breaths; as bedraggled with trailing ropes, and harpoons, and lances, a vast form shot lengthwise, but obliquely from the sea.
Shrouded in a thin drooping veil of mist, it hovered for a moment in the rainbowed air; and then fell swamping back into the deep.
Crushed thirty feet upwards, the waters flashed for an instant like heaps of fountains, then brokenly sank in a shower of flakes, leaving the circling surface creamed like new milk round the marble trunk of the whale.
“Give way!” cried Ahab to the oarsmen, and the boats darted forward to the attack; but maddened by yesterday’s fresh irons that corroded in him, Moby Dick seemed combinedly possessed by all the angels that fell from heaven.
The wide tiers of welded tendons overspreading his broad white forehead, beneath the transparent skin, looked knitted together; as head on, he came churning his tail among the boats; and once more flailed them apart; spilling out the irons and lances from the two mates’ boats, and dashing in one side of the upper part of their bows, but leaving Ahab’s almost without a scar.
While Daggoo and Queequeg were stopping the strained planks; and as the whale swimming out from them, turned, and showed one entire flank as he shot by them again; at that moment a quick cry went up.
Lashed round and round to the fish’s back; pinioned in the turns upon turns in which, during the past night, the whale had reeled the involutions of the lines around him, the half torn body of the Parsee was seen; his sable raiment frayed to shreds; his distended eyes turned full upon old Ahab.
The harpoon dropped from his hand.
“Befooled, befooled!”—drawing in a long lean breath—“Aye, Parsee!
I see thee again.—Aye, and thou goest before; and this, this then is the hearse that thou didst promise.
But I hold thee to the last letter of thy word.

We can count, I take it, on your own home servants, Mr.
Trelawney?”
“As upon myself,” declared the squire.
“Three,” reckoned the captain; “ourselves make seven, counting Hawkins here.
Now, about the honest hands?”
“Most likely Trelawney's own men,” said the doctor; “those he had picked up for himself before he lit on Silver.”
“Nay,” replied the squire.
“Hands was one of mine.”
“I did think I could have trusted Hands,” added the captain.
“And to think that they're all Englishmen!” broke out the squire.
“Sir, I could find it in my heart to blow the ship up.”
“Well, gentlemen,” said the captain, “the best that I can say is not much.
We must lay to, if you please, and keep a bright lookout.
It's trying on a man, I know.
It would be pleasanter to come to blows.
But there's no help for it till we know our men.
Lay to, and whistle for a wind, that's my view.”
“Jim here,” said the doctor, “can help us more than anyone.
The men are not shy with him, and Jim is a noticing lad.”
“Hawkins, I put prodigious faith in you,” added the squire.

And so they did, all three, while the old lamp threw a wonderfully strong light all around.
"This is a glorious gift," it said.
"The bright stars have always been a joy to me and have always shone more brilliantly than I ever could shine, though I have tried with my whole might.
Now they have noticed me, a poor old lamp, and have sent me a gift that will enable me to see clearly everything that I remember, as if it still stood before me, and to let it be seen by all those who love me.
And herein lies the truest happiness, for pleasures which we cannot share with others are only half enjoyed."
"That sentiment does you honor," said the wind; "but for this purpose wax lights will be necessary.
If these are not lighted in you, your peculiar faculties will not benefit others in the least.
The stars have not thought of this.
They suppose that you and every other light must be a wax taper.
But I must go down now."
So it laid itself to rest.
"Wax tapers, indeed!"

SENSE AND SENSIBILITY 

CHAPTER 1 
The family of Dashwood had long been settled in Sussex.
Their estate was large, and their residence was at Norland Park, in the centre of their property, where, for many generations, they had lived in so respectable a manner as to engage the general good opinion of their surrounding acquaintance.
The late owner of this estate was a single man, who lived to a very advanced age, and who for many years of his life, had a constant companion and housekeeper in his sister.
But her death, which happened ten years before his own, produced a great alteration in his home; for to supply her loss, he invited and received into his house the family of his nephew Mr. Henry Dashwood, the legal inheritor of the Norland estate, and the person to whom he intended to bequeath it.
In the society of his nephew and niece, and their children, the old Gentleman's days were comfortably spent.
His attachment to them all increased.
The constant attention of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Dashwood to his wishes, which proceeded not merely from interest, but from goodness of heart, gave him every degree of solid comfort which his age could receive; and the cheerfulness of the children added a relish to his existence.
By a former marriage, Mr. Henry Dashwood had one son: by his present lady, three daughters.
The son, a steady respectable young man, was amply provided for by the fortune of his mother, which had been large, and half of which devolved on him on his coming of age.
By his own marriage, likewise, which happened soon afterwards, he added to his wealth.
To him therefore the succession to the Norland estate was not so really important as to his sisters; for their fortune, independent of what might arise to them from their father's inheriting that property, could be but small.
Their mother had nothing, and their father only seven thousand pounds in his own disposal; for the remaining moiety of his first wife's fortune was also secured to her child, and he had only a life-interest in it.

will ye never have done with all this weary roving?
where go ye now?
But if the currents carry ye to those sweet Antilles where the beaches are only beat with water-lilies, will ye do one little errand for me?
Seek out one Pip, who’s now been missing long: I think he’s in those far Antilles.
If ye find him, then comfort him; for he must be very sad; for look!
he’s left his tambourine behind;—I found it.
Rig-a-dig, dig, dig!
Now, Queequeg, die; and I’ll beat ye your dying march.”
“I have heard,” murmured Starbuck, gazing down the scuttle, “that in violent fevers, men, all ignorance, have talked in ancient tongues; and that when the mystery is probed, it turns out always that in their wholly forgotten childhood those ancient tongues had been really spoken in their hearing by some lofty scholars.
So, to my fond faith, poor Pip, in this strange sweetness of his lunacy, brings heavenly vouchers of all our heavenly homes.
Where learned he that, but there?—Hark!
he speaks again: but more wildly now.”
“Form two and two!
Let’s make a General of him!

In a jiffy he pounced upon it.
It was an egg.
The Marionette’s joy knew no bounds.
It is impossible to describe it, you must picture it to yourself.
Certain that he was dreaming, he turned the egg over and over in his hands, fondled it, kissed it, and talked to it:
“And now, how shall I cook you?
Shall I make an omelet?
No, it is better to fry you in a pan!
Or shall I drink you?
No, the best way is to fry you in the pan.
You will taste better.”
No sooner said than done.
He placed a little pan over a foot warmer full of hot coals.
In the pan, instead of oil or butter, he poured a little water.

how bitter it would be to me to know that you felt anger or shame on my account, for that would be your fall you would become comparable at once with such as me.
“Yesterday, after seeing you, I went home and thought out a picture.
“Artists always draw the Saviour as an actor in one of the Gospel stories.
I should do differently.
I should represent Christ alone the disciples did leave Him alone occasionally.
I should paint one little child left with Him.
This child has been playing about near Him, and had probably just been telling the Saviour something in its pretty baby prattle.
Christ had listened to it, but was now musing one hand reposing on the child’s bright head.
His eyes have a far-away expression.
Thought, great as the Universe, is in them His face is sad.
The little one leans its elbow upon Christ’s knee, and with its cheek resting on its hand, gazes up at Him, pondering as children sometimes do ponder.
The sun is setting.

But nobody had seen Proserpina, nor could give Mother Ceres the least hint which way to seek her.
Thus passed the night; and still she continued her search without sitting down to rest, or stopping to take food, or even remembering to put out the torch although first the rosy dawn, and then the glad light of the morning sun, made its red flame look thin and pale.
But I wonder what sort of stuff this torch was made of; for it burned dimly through the day, and, at night, was as bright as ever, and never was extinguished by the rain or wind, in all the weary days and nights while Ceres was seeking for Proserpina.
It was not merely of human beings that she asked tidings of her daughter.
In the woods and by the streams, she met creatures of another nature, who used, in those old times, to haunt the pleasant and solitary places, and were very sociable with persons who understood their language and customs, as Mother Ceres did.
Sometimes, for instance, she tapped with her finger against the knotted trunk of a majestic oak; and immediately its rude bark would cleave asunder, and forth would step a beautiful maiden, who was the hamadryad of the oak, dwelling inside of it, and sharing its long life, and rejoicing when its green leaves sported with the breeze.
But not one of these leafy damsels had seen Proserpina.
Then, going a little farther, Ceres would, perhaps, come to a fountain, gushing out of a pebbly hollow in the earth, and would dabble with her hand in the water.
Behold, up through its sandy and pebbly bed, along with the fountain's gush, a young woman with dripping hair would arise, and stand gazing at Mother Ceres, half out of the water, and undulating up and down with its ever-restless motion.
But when the mother asked whether her poor lost child had stopped to drink out of the fountain, the naiad, with weeping eyes (for these water-nymphs had tears to spare for everybody's grief), would answer "No!"
in a murmuring voice, which was just like the murmur of the stream.
Often, likewise, she encountered fauns, who looked like sunburnt country people, except that they had hairy ears, and little horns upon their foreheads, and the hinder legs of goats, on which they gamboled merrily about the woods and fields.

Then feeling himself growing imbecile, he forced an equally weak gravity.
"Pardon me I understand there are no letters; may I know the way in which he formulated his declaration and promises?"
"Hymn-books," said the girl, briefly.
"I beg your pardon," said the mystified lawyer.
"Hymn-books marked words in them with pencil and passed 'em on to me," repeated Zaidee.
"Like 'love,' 'dear,' 'precious,' 'sweet,' and 'blessed,'" she added, accenting each word with a push of her parasol on the carpet.
"Sometimes a whole line outer Tate and Brady and Solomon's Song, you know, and sich."
"I believe," said the Colonel, loftily, "that the er phrases of sacred psalmody lend themselves to the language of the affections.
But in regard to the distinct promise of marriage was there er no other expression?"
"Marriage Service in the prayer-book lines and words outer that all marked," said Zaidee.
The Colonel nodded naturally and approvingly.
"Very good.

Laili sat quite still on her horse, and as the Raja came towards her she said, "Why did you kill my husband?"
"Because I want to take you," he answered.
"You cannot," said Laili.
"Yes, I can," said the Raja.
"Take me, then," said Laili to Chumman Basa; so he came quite close and put out his hand to take hers to lift her off her horse.
But she put her hand in her pocket and pulled out a tiny knife, only as long as her hand was broad, and this knife unfolded itself in one instant till it was such a length!
and then Laili made a great sweep with her arm and her long, long knife, and off came Chumman Basa's head at one touch.
Then Laili slipped down off her horse, and she went to Majnun's dead body, and she cut her little finger inside her hand straight down from the top of her nail to her palm, and out of this gushed blood like healing medicine.
Then she put Majnun's head on his shoulders, and smeared her healing blood all over the wound, and Majnun woke up and said, "What a delightful sleep I have had!
Why, I feel as if I had slept for years!"
Then he got up and saw the Raja's dead body by Laili's horse.
"What's that?"

The frightful loss of Jeeves made any thought of pleasure more or less a mockery, but at least I found that I was able to have a dash at enjoying life again.
What I mean is, I was braced up to the extent of going round the cabarets once more, so as to try to forget, if only for the moment.
New York's a small place when it comes to the part of it that wakes up just as the rest is going to bed, and it wasn't long before my tracks began to cross old Rocky's.
I saw him once at Peale's, and again at Frolics on the roof.
There wasn't anybody with him either time except the aunt, and, though he was trying to look as if he had struck the ideal life, it wasn't difficult for me, knowing the circumstances, to see that beneath the mask the poor chap was suffering.
My heart bled for the fellow.
At least, what there was of it that wasn't bleeding for myself bled for him.
He had the air of one who was about to crack under the strain.
It seemed to me that the aunt was looking slightly upset also.
I took it that she was beginning to wonder when the celebrities were going to surge round, and what had suddenly become of all those wild, careless spirits Rocky used to mix with in his letters.
I didn't blame her.
I had only read a couple of his letters, but they certainly gave the impression that poor old Rocky was by way of being the hub of New York night life, and that, if by any chance he failed to show up at a cabaret, the management said: "What's the use?"

I give you three guesses.
You give it up?
It is this: 'Peaceful Moments cannot be muzzled!'"
Mr. Parker rose.
"Nothing doing, then?"
he said.
"Nothing."
Mr. Parker picked up his hat.
"See here," he said, a grating note in his voice, hitherto smooth and conciliatory, "I've no time to fool away talking to you.
I've given you your chance.
Those stories are going to be stopped.
And if you've any sense in you at all, you'll stop them yourself before you get hurt.

The Eagle and His Captor 
AN EAGLE was once captured by a man, who immediately clipped his wings and put him into his poultry-yard with the other birds, at which treatment the Eagle was weighed down with grief.
Later, another neighbor purchased him and allowed his feathers to grow again.
The Eagle took flight, and pouncing upon a hare, brought it at once as an offering to his benefactor.
A Fox, seeing this, exclaimed, “Do not cultivate the favor of this man, but of your former owner, lest he should again hunt for you and deprive you a second time of your wings.”
The Bald Man and the Fly 
A FLY bit the bare head of a Bald Man who, endeavoring to destroy it, gave himself a heavy slap.
Escaping, the Fly said mockingly, “You who have wished to revenge, even with death, the Prick of a tiny insect, see what you have done to yourself to add insult to injury?” The Bald Man replied, “I can easily make peace with myself, because I know there was no intention to hurt.
But you, an ill-favored and contemptible insect who delights in sucking human blood, I wish that I could have killed you even if I had incurred a heavier penalty.”
The Olive-Tree and the Fig-Tree 
THE OLIVE-TREE ridiculed the Fig-Tree because, while she was green all the year round, the Fig-Tree changed its leaves with the seasons.
A shower of snow fell upon them, and, finding the Olive full of foliage, it settled upon its branches and broke them down with its weight, at once despoiling it of its beauty and killing the tree.
But finding the Fig-Tree denuded of leaves, the snow fell through to the ground, and did not injure it at all.
The Eagle and the Kite 
AN EAGLE, overwhelmed with sorrow, sat upon the branches of a tree in company with a Kite.
“Why,” said the Kite, “do I see you with such a rueful look?” “I seek,” she replied, “a mate suitable for me, and am not able to find one.” “Take me,” returned the Kite, “I am much stronger than you are.” “Why, are you able to secure the means of living by your plunder?” “Well, I have often caught and carried away an ostrich in my talons.” The Eagle, persuaded by these words, accepted him as her mate.
Shortly after the nuptials, the Eagle said, “Fly off and bring me back the ostrich you promised me.” The Kite, soaring aloft into the air, brought back the shabbiest possible mouse, stinking from the length of time it had lain about the fields.
“Is this,” said the Eagle, “the faithful fulfillment of your promise to me?” The Kite replied, “That I might attain your royal hand, there is nothing that I would not have promised, however much I knew that I must fail in the performance.”
The Ass and His Driver 
AN ASS, being driven along a high road, suddenly started off and bolted to the brink of a deep precipice.

He anticipated my proposals in venturing their deliverance by telling me that both he and the ship, if recovered, should be wholly directed by me in everything.
Then I gave them muskets, and the mutineers returning, the two villains were killed, and the rest begged for mercy, and joined us.
More of them coming ashore, we fell upon them at night, so that at the captain's call they laid down their arms, trusting to the mercy of the governor of the island, for such they supposed me to be.
It now occurred to me that the time of my deliverance was come, and that it would be easy to bring these fellows in to be hearty in getting possession of the ship.
And so it proved, for, the ship being boarded next morning, and the new rebel captain shot, the rest yielded without any more lives lost.
When I saw my deliverance then put visibly into my hands, I was ready to sink down with the surprise, and it was a good while before I could speak a word to the captain, who was in as great an ecstasy as I.
After some time, I came dressed in a new habit of the captain's, being still called governor.
Being all met, and the captain with me, I caused the prisoners to be brought before me, told them I had got a full account of their villainous behaviour to the captain, and asked of them what they had to say why I should not execute them as pirates.
I told them I had resolved to quit the island, but that they, if they went, could only go as prisoners in irons; so that I could not tell what was the best for them, unless they had a mind to take their fate in the island.
They seemed thankful for this, and said they would much rather venture to stay than be carried to England to be hanged.
So I left it on that issue.
When the captain was gone I sent for the men up to me in my apartment and let them into the story of my living there; showed them my fortifications, the way I made my bread, planted my corn; and, in a word, all that was necessary to make them easy.

And after all, what did it signify to my character in the opinion of Marianne and her friends, in what language my answer was couched?
It must have been only to one end.
My business was to declare myself a scoundrel, and whether I did it with a bow or a bluster was of little importance.
'I am ruined for ever in their opinion ' said I to myself 'I am shut out for ever from their society, they already think me an unprincipled fellow, this letter will only make them think me a blackguard one.'
Such were my reasonings, as, in a sort of desperate carelessness, I copied my wife's words, and parted with the last relics of Marianne.
Her three notes unluckily they were all in my pocketbook, or I should have denied their existence, and hoarded them for ever I was forced to put them up, and could not even kiss them.
And the lock of hair that too I had always carried about me in the same pocket-book, which was now searched by Madam with the most ingratiating virulence, the dear lock all, every memento was torn from me."
"You are very wrong, Mr. Willoughby, very blamable," said Elinor, while her voice, in spite of herself, betrayed her compassionate emotion; "you ought not to speak in this way, either of Mrs. Willoughby or my sister.
You had made your own choice.
It was not forced on you.
Your wife has a claim to your politeness, to your respect, at least.
She must be attached to you, or she would not have married you.

Mary’s meals were served regularly, and Martha waited on her, but no one troubled themselves about her in the least.
Mrs. Medlock came and looked at her every day or two, but no one inquired what she did or told her what to do.
She supposed that perhaps this was the English way of treating children.
In India she had always been attended by her Ayah, who had followed her about and waited on her, hand and foot.
She had often been tired of her company.
Now she was followed by nobody and was learning to dress herself because Martha looked as though she thought she was silly and stupid when she wanted to have things handed to her and put on.
“Hasn’t tha’ got good sense?” she said once, when Mary had stood waiting for her to put on her gloves for her.
“Our Susan Ann is twice as sharp as thee an’ she’s only four year’ old.
Sometimes tha’ looks fair soft in th’ head.”
Mary had worn her contrary scowl for an hour after that, but it made her think several entirely new things.
She stood at the window for about ten minutes this morning after Martha had swept up the hearth for the last time and gone downstairs.
She was thinking over the new idea which had come to her when she heard of the library.
She did not care very much about the library itself, because she had read very few books; but to hear of it brought back to her mind the hundred rooms with closed doors.

And since the nose is the central and most conspicuous of the features; and since it perhaps most modifies and finally controls their combined expression; hence it would seem that its entire absence, as an external appendage, must very largely affect the countenance of the whale.
For as in landscape gardening, a spire, cupola, monument, or tower of some sort, is deemed almost indispensable to the completion of the scene; so no face can be physiognomically in keeping without the elevated open-work belfry of the nose.
Dash the nose from Phidias’s marble Jove, and what a sorry remainder!
Nevertheless, Leviathan is of so mighty a magnitude, all his proportions are so stately, that the same deficiency which in the sculptured Jove were hideous, in him is no blemish at all.
Nay, it is an added grandeur.
A nose to the whale would have been impertinent.
As on your physiognomical voyage you sail round his vast head in your jolly-boat, your noble conceptions of him are never insulted by the reflection that he has a nose to be pulled.
A pestilent conceit, which so often will insist upon obtruding even when beholding the mightiest royal beadle on his throne.
In some particulars, perhaps the most imposing physiognomical view to be had of the Sperm Whale, is that of the full front of his head.
This aspect is sublime.
In thought, a fine human brow is like the East when troubled with the morning.
In the repose of the pasture, the curled brow of the bull has a touch of the grand in it.

She was a confirmed reader of the more sentimental class of fiction, and this business-like treatment of love's young dream jarred upon her.
"It's founding a dynasty.
Isn't that romantic enough for you?
You make me tired, Marion."
Miss Scobell sighed again.
"Very well, dear.
I suppose you know best.
But perhaps the Prince won't like Betty."
Mr. Scobell gave a snort of disgust.
"Marion," he said, "you've got a mind like a chunk of wet dough.
Can't you understand that the Prince is just as much in my employment as the man who scrubs the Casino steps?
I'm hiring him to be Prince of Mervo, and his first job as Prince of Mervo will be to marry Betty.

Goodman Joseph toiled through the snow 
          Saw the star o’er a stable low;           Mary she might not further go 
           Welcome thatch, and litter below!
Joy was hers in the morning!
And then they heard the angels tell           ‘Who were the first to cry NOWELL?
Animals all, as it befell,            In the stable where they did dwell!
Joy shall be theirs in the morning!’
The voices ceased, the singers, bashful but smiling, exchanged sidelong glances, and silence succeeded but for a moment only.
Then, from up above and far away, down the tunnel they had so lately travelled was borne to their ears in a faint musical hum the sound of distant bells ringing a joyful and clangorous peal.
‘Very well sung, boys!’ cried the Rat heartily.
‘And now come along in, all of you, and warm yourselves by the fire, and have something hot!’
‘Yes, come along, field-mice,’ cried the Mole eagerly.
‘This is quite like old times!
Shut the door after you.
Pull up that settle to the fire.
Now, you just wait a minute, while we O, Ratty!’ he cried in despair, plumping down on a seat, with tears impending.

He would neither eat nor drink, and he ordered all the ladies whose duty it was to wait on the queen to be locked up till she was found.
Amongst them was the wicked woman who had done all the mischief because of her jealousy of the beautiful young queen, and very much she wished she had never tried to harm her.
15.
Where do you suppose the queen had gone?
16.
What mistake did the king make when he heard the queen was missing?
In her trouble about the loss of the king's love Kadali-Garbha longed for her father, for she felt sure he would be able to help her.
So she determined to go to him.
With the aid of the wise woman who had given her the packet of mustard seed, and who had been her best friend at court, she disguised herself as a messenger, and, mounted on a strong little pony, she sped along the path marked out by the young shoots of mustard, reaching her old home in the forest before the night fell.
Great indeed was the joy of Mana Kanaka at the sight of his beloved child, and very soon she had poured out all her sorrow to him.
The hermit was at first very much enraged with his son-in-law for the way in which he had treated Kadali-Garbha, and declared that he would use all the powers he had to punish him.
"Never," he said, "shall he see your dear face again; but I will go to him and call down on him all manner of misfortunes.

I coughed and he turned round.
"Halloa, Reggie!"
he said.
"Halloa, George!"
I said.
"Lovely night."
"Beautiful," said Stella.
"The moon," I said.
"Ripping," said George.
"Lovely," said Stella.
"And look at the reflection of the stars on the  "
George caught my eye.
"Pop off," he said.

There is no confusion or failure in my memory; it can recall, and could detail, every word that was ever spoken between me and those brothers.
“She lingered for a week.
Towards the last, I could understand some few syllables that she said to me, by placing my ear close to her lips.
She asked me where she was, and I told her; who I was, and I told her.
It was in vain that I asked her for her family name.
She faintly shook her head upon the pillow, and kept her secret, as the boy had done.
“I had no opportunity of asking her any question, until I had told the brothers she was sinking fast, and could not live another day.
Until then, though no one was ever presented to her consciousness save the woman and myself, one or other of them had always jealously sat behind the curtain at the head of the bed when I was there.
But when it came to that, they seemed careless what communication I might hold with her; as if the thought passed through my mind I were dying too.
“I always observed that their pride bitterly resented the younger brother's (as I call him) having crossed swords with a peasant, and that peasant a boy.
The only consideration that appeared to affect the mind of either of them was the consideration that this was highly degrading to the family, and was ridiculous.
As often as I caught the younger brother's eyes, their expression reminded me that he disliked me deeply, for knowing what I knew from the boy.

He walked around to the kitchen door: it stood open.
The children were talking so fast they did not hear his knock.
They were very busy.
Katie, the eleven-year-old, and Malcolm, ten, Guy's age, were cutting citron into long, thin strips, piling it on a big blue plate.
Mary and James, the eight-year-old twins, were paring apples with a paring machine.
The long, curling skins fell in a large stone jar standing on a clean paper, spread on the floor.
Charlie, who was only four years old, was watching to see that none of the parings fell over the edge of the jar.
Susan, who was seven, was putting raisins, a few at a time, into a meat chopper screwed down on the kitchen table.
George, three years old, was turning the handle of the chopper to grind the raisins.
Baby Joe was creeping about the kitchen floor after a kitten.
Mrs. Burns was taking a great piece of meat from a steaming kettle on the back of the stove.
Every one was working, except the baby and the kitten, but all seemed to be having a glorious time.

She has no other."
The children stood and looked at each other for a few minutes; and then Sara took her hand out of her muff and held it out across the counter, and Anne took it, and they looked straight into each other's eyes.
"I am so glad," Sara said.
"And I have just thought of something.
Perhaps Mrs. Brown will let you be the one to give the buns and bread to the children.
Perhaps you would like to do it because you know what it is to be hungry, too."
"Yes, miss," said the girl.
And, somehow, Sara felt as if she understood her, though she said so little, and only stood still and looked and looked after her as she went out of the shop with the Indian gentleman, and they got into the carriage and drove away.
LITTLE WOMEN 

CHAPTER ONE 
PLAYING PILGRIMS 
"Christmas won't be Christmas without any presents," grumbled Jo, lying on the rug.
"It's so dreadful to be poor!"
sighed Meg, looking down at her old dress.
"I don't think it's fair for some girls to have plenty of pretty things, and other girls nothing at all," added little Amy, with an injured sniff.

Viewed through the magnifying-glasses, the boy's round, rosy visage assumed the strangest imaginable aspect of an immense Titanic child, the mouth grinning broadly, and the eyes and every other feature overflowing with fun at the joke.
Suddenly, however, that merry face turned pale, and its expression changed to horror, for this easily impressed and excitable child had become sensible that the eye of Ethan Brand was fixed upon him through the glass.
"You make the little man to be afraid, Captain," said the German Jew, turning up the dark and strong outline of his visage from his stooping posture.
"But look again, and, by chance, I shall cause you to see somewhat that is very fine, upon my word!"
Ethan Brand gazed into the box for an instant, and then starting back, looked fixedly at the German.
What had he seen?
Nothing, apparently; for a curious youth, who had peeped in almost at the same moment, beheld only a vacant space of canvas.
"I remember you now," muttered Ethan Brand to the showman.
"Ah, Captain," whispered the Jew of Nuremberg, with a dark smile, "I find it to be a heavy matter in my show-box, this Unpardonable Sin!
By my faith, Captain, it has wearied my shoulders, this long day, to carry it over the mountain."
"Peace," answered Ethan Brand, sternly, "or get thee into the furnace yonder!"
The Jew's exhibition had scarcely concluded, when a great, elderly dog who seemed to be his own master, as no person in the company laid claim to him saw fit to render himself the object of public notice.

Good Lord Justice, help me against my foes!
I will surely pay, but must have more time.
Lord Justice.
I am sorry for thee, Sir Richard, but the law is plain.
Either pay your debt or lose your land.
The Knight.
Sir Abbot, I pray thee, have pity.
The Abbot.
Get the land when thou canst, thou gettest no pity from me.
The Knight.
By my faith, then, if I get not my land again, thou shalt pay dearly for it.
The Abbot.

Am I right?”
“Good!
Good!” said the young wolves, who are always hungry.
“Listen to Bagheera.
The cub can be bought for a price.
It is the Law.”
“Knowing that I have no right to speak here, I ask your leave.”
“Speak then,” cried twenty voices.
“To kill a naked cub is shame.
Besides, he may make better sport for you when he is grown.
Baloo has spoken in his behalf.
Now to Baloo’s word I will add one bull, and a fat one, newly killed, not half a mile from here, if ye will accept the man’s cub according to the Law.
Is it difficult?”
There was a clamor of scores of voices, saying: “What matter?
He will die in the winter rains.
He will scorch in the sun.

